Segment  n 段；部分；片；弓形 ;v分割；划分

Not the answer you're looking for?	Browse other questions tagged c++ opencv
Browse  v 浏览；（在商店里）随便看看；翻阅；浏览信息
            n(牲畜吃的)嫩草；(牲畜的)吃嫩枝[草等]
If it does not appear, click the Browse button to search for it.
如果未显示，则单击“浏览”按钮进行搜索。

patent  n 专利；专利权；专利证 adj专利(的)；显露；明摆着的
            v取得专利权
patent issues  专利问题        

ultimate
 最后的；最终的；终极的；极端的
  最好（或先进、伟大等）的事物；极品；精华
ultimate conclusion最终结果    ultimate principle基本原理
Hard work is the ultimate source of success.努力工作是成功之本。
This had been an ultimate issue. 这个问题是个原则性的问题。

ppl  （缩略词） 人，等离子体物理实验所
help out ppl with a similar interest

archive   n.档案；档案馆   vt.存档
archive log存档运行日志   archive server文档查询服务器

wrapper   n.(饺子)皮；包装用品

If your images are not warped and are not degraded
warp		vt.使翘起；弄歪；歪曲vi.变歪；扭曲
			n.弯曲；歪曲；乖僻；经纱；绞船索
			
degrade		v.降格；使屈辱；贬低；退化；降解

bullshit  n.胡说v.胡说  He's talking bullshit.   他在瞎扯。

Collapsible adj.可折叠的
collapse   v.（使）倒塌；（使）崩溃；（使）瓦解；折叠
               n.倒塌；崩溃；暴跌

indent  n.订货单n.凹痕(缩进) v.切割成锯齿状；缩排；定货

sluggish  adj.缓慢的；懒惰的；迟钝的；萧条的；无精打采的
very sluggish on my (modern) PC
sluggish flow 缓慢流动  

Intellisense 智能感应

divide  vt.划分；隔开；分割；[数]除    vi.分裂；分开  n.分水岭；分歧；分

decimal   adj.小数的；十进位的  n.小数

overlay    v.覆盖；镀；铺…上面   n.覆盖物；重叠；镀金

simplex   adj.单一结构的；单工的   n.[数学]单形体；[语言学]简单词

plain   adj.清楚的；简单的；坦白的；平常的；朴素的；纯的 
          n. 平原；广阔的区域
		  adv. 完全地；纯粹地
         plain enough  足够清楚    perfectly plain  十分明确

duplex  n.双层公寓；联式房屋   adj.双倍的；复式的；[计] 双方的
			duplex channel  双工通道
			duplex transmission   双工传输
			
triplex   adj.  三重的；三层的；三部分的   n.有三层的东西
			triplex row  三行

tiny    adj.极小的；微小的

raw     adj.未加工的；生的；原始的；湿冷的    n.触到某人的痛处

macro      adj.宏观的
macros    n.[计]宏；宏指令     conditional macros 条件宏功能

wrapper  n.(饺子)皮；包装用品

cascade  n.瀑布；[电]串联  v.瀑布似地落下；（将 ... ）连结；串联

texture   n.质地；手感；口感；组织；结构；纹理；特点  vt.给予结构

epsilon    n.希腊语字母之第五字；[数]小的正数

criteria    n.标准；尺度；准则
			criterion标准    test criteria试验标准

novice   n.新手；新信徒    novice operator新技术员(新的操作人员)

delve     vi.探究；挖掘；搜索   delve into  钻研

nonetheless   adv.尽管如此(仍然)      none the less还是

truncate    vt.切去一端；缩短；截棱成平面   adj.切去了头；缩短了的；截形的

prompt    adj.迅速的；敏捷的；立刻的
              vt.   激起；促进；推动；提示    vi.提示   n.提示；提示的内容  n.[商]付款期限

minimum   adj.  最少的；最低程度的   n.最低限度；最小量

flip  vt.掷；轻击；弹vi. 翻转
      n.（跳水或体操动作中的）空翻；轻弹；浏览   adj.无礼的；冒失的；轻率的

skew  adj. 斜交的(不对称的；误解的)   n. 斜交(歪斜；歪轮；斜砌石)   
         vt.歪斜；扭转  vi.歪斜；斜视

mock    v.嘲弄；嘲笑；模仿
            n.嘲笑；模仿；戏弄
 			adj.假的；伪装的；模拟的

bin        n.箱柜；仓；垃圾箱  vt.放入箱内

tweak    v. 拧；扭；拉；微调  n.拧；扭；捏；<俚>妙计

synthetic   adj.合成的；人造的；综合的；虚伪的  n.合成物；人工制品

period     n.句号；一段时间；周期；时期；课时；学时；月经
			don’t forget the period at the end of the line

Tesseract is a full-fledged OCR engine 
full-fledged    adj.羽毛丰满的；成熟的；完全有资格的
fledge     vi.长羽毛vt.用羽毛覆盖

accuracy seems decent 
decent        adj.相当好的；体面的；适当的；正派的

Tesseract works best when the letters are crisp, in a horizontal line, spaced out
crisp   adj.脆的；干脆的；卷曲的；明快的；(天气)干冷的
		 n.薯片；松脆物v.(使)发脆；(使)卷曲

solicit   vt.恳求；征求；勾引vi.(妓女)拉客 
		 
folk	n.人们；（某类或来自某个地方的）人
		 
profuse		adj.很多的；丰富的；慷慨的；浪费的
		 
meager     adj.贫乏的；不足的；瘦的
				meager profit微利
		 
promote		 vt.促进；提升；升迁；发起；促销，推销
		 
architecture      n.建筑学；结构；一座建筑物；总称建筑物；建筑风格；
							【计算机】计算机构造，架构，体系结构，结构格式

geometric	     adj.几何学的；几何学图形的			

November      n.十一月

aspect			n.方面；方位；外观；外貌		aspect ratio   高宽比； 纵横比
							
eccentricity	n.古怪；古怪的行为；怪癖；离心率		
							
scratch 			v.抓；搔（痒）；划破；划掉   
					n.抓痕；乱写；抓的声音；起跑线   
					adj.无让步的
those 2 functions are implemented from the scratch 
	based on the literature and some of my own assumptions 					
					
assumption			n.假定；设想；担任(职责等)；假装			

Feel free to correct my code, if you spotted the mistakes		
	
spot		n.地点；场所；职位；污点；斑点；少量；聚光灯；插播节目
			adj.现场的；现货的；插播的
			v.（使）产生污渍；玷污；认出；用灯光照射

blame	vt.责备；把 ... 归咎于     n.责备；过失

prerequisite		n.先决条件；前提    adj.作为前提的；必备的
Detecting text in natural images is an important prerequisite.

novel			n.小说	adj.新奇的
we propose a novel text detection algorithm

stroke		n.中风；击打；一笔（画）；意外的运气
				v.击打，轻抚，奉承

stroke width information to exclude non-text objects

pair 			n一对；一双；一副
				v（使）成对；（使）配对
Letters  are paired to identify text lines, which are subsequently separated  into words.

landmark		n.陆标；地界标；里程碑；划时代的事
visual search systems have been developed for applications such as 
product recognition and landmark recognition
		
maturity 		n.成熟；(支票等的)到期
Although current visual search technologies have reached a certain level of maturity		
		
mature		adj.成熟的；(保单）到期的；考虑周到的
				v.成熟；长成
		
clue          n.线索；提示

june			n.六月n.琼(女子名)		

contextual		adj.上下文的；与语境有关的

Contextual Post-Processing
Post-Processing		n.后加工；错后处理；后部工艺

pillow		n.枕头vt.枕；搁；垫

Split python string every nth character?
'1234567890'  to ['12','34','56','78','90']

concatenate 		v.连结；连锁	adj.连锁的

get around 		vt.规避；说服
How can I get around this problem?

monetary  	adj.货币的；金融的

crunch 		v.发出碎裂声；嘎吱嘎吱地咀嚼；嘎喳嘎喳地碾过
				n.嘎吱声；艰难局面；关键时刻

inevitable	  adj.不可避免的；必然(发生)的			
inevitably   adv.不可避免地
Some of the procedure is inevitably manual.

bear		n.熊    v.忍受；负荷；结果；证实；生子女
The most important points to bear in mind when creating a training file are:...

clarify		vt.澄清；阐明；净化
clarify rights and wrongs澄清是非

clarification		n.澄清；阐明

curious		adj.好奇的；奇特的

Tesseract does this internally, but the result can be suboptimal, 
particularly if the page background is of uneven darkness.

suboptimal       adj.未达最佳标准的；不最理想的；
							不最适宜的；不最满意的

uneven             adj.不平坦的；不均匀的；奇数的；不规律的		
					
Tesseract development has been sponsored by Google since 2006.				
sponsor      n.保证人；赞助者；发起者；主办者
				 v.发起；赞助；倡议
				 				 
There are many separate projects which provide a GUI for Tesseract.
 One notable example is OCRFeeder				 
				 
notable       adj.显著的；著名的    n.名人				 

This page describes the training process, provides some guidelines 
guideline   		n.指导方针；准则

thrift			n.节俭；节约				 

neutral		adj.中立的；中性的；空档的；素净色的
				n.中立者；空挡位置
Thrift lets you define data types and service interfaces in a language neutral definition file.
 That definition file is used as the input for the compiler to generate code
 for building RPC clients and servers that communicate over different programming languages. 

scalable	adj.可测量的；可伸缩的；可攀登的
Apache Thrift is a software framework, for scalable cross-language services 
development, combines a software stack with a code generation engine 
to build services that work efficiently and seamlessly between C++, Java 
 
courtesy   n.礼貌；好意
Image courtesy wikipedia

Installation Thrift can be a tiresome process.
tiresome		adj.令人厌倦的；讨厌的

tire		n.轮胎；金属圈
			v.使疲倦；厌烦；劳累

revert		vi.恢复；回复；归还

Pedestrian Detection
pedestrian		adj.徒步的；缺乏想像的
					n.行人 
		
StradVision achieved FOUR No.1 performance in world-class tech evaluations!
evaluation    n.估价；评价
evaluate      vt.评价；评估
 
monitor 	  v.监视；监督；监听
				  n.班长；监视器；监听员；[计算机]显示器

trim		v.    修剪；削减；装饰；调整帆以适应风向
			adj. 整洁的；匀称的
			n.    修剪；整齐；装饰

Use Tesseract to try to decipher our image
decipher   vt.译解；辨认

Compute the stroke width image out from the distance transform matrix
It will propagate the max values of each connected component from the ridge
to outer boundaries

propagate			v.繁殖；增殖；传播；传送

ridge			n.脊；山脊；山脉；隆起部
				v.（使）成山脊

Intersection and Union of Two Rectangles using OpenCV
intersect		v.贯穿；(和 ... )相交；交叉
 
Native 		adj.本国的；本土的；当地的
				n.土著；本地人；本国人
Java Native Access 

maven		n. 专家；行家

vendor		n.自动售货机；小贩；卖方；供货商

I had to use this ImageIO jar. It worked like a charm.

charm		n.魅力；吸引力；迷人；美貌
				v.（使）着迷；施魔法

It's not picky what the string is, but it can't be null.
picky  		adj.挑剔的；吹毛求疵的

resolution will not be reattempted until the update 
interval of central has elapsed or updates are forced

reattempt			n.再尝试；重新尝试
						v.再尝试
elapse				v.逝去；过去
						n.（光阴）逝去 
 
you can use the wildcard character (*), which will return all items 
starting/ending with the filename you chose. For example:  rm -f bla*
will remove all files starting with bla. 

wildcard			n.[计]通配符；[体]复活资格，复活选手；（纸牌的）百搭牌

compatible     adj.一致的；兼容的；适合的
					 n.兼容

How do I make `ls` show file sizes in megabytes?					 
megabytes 		n.兆字节
mega				adj.巨大的	adv.非常		pref.表示“大；百万”

afford to run lots of concurrent threads

concurrent			n.赞同；意见一致；同时发生

show benchmark results to illustrate performance characteristics
benchmark		n.标准检查程序；基准点；参照点
						vt.检测(竞争对手的产品以比较和改进自身产品)

bench				n.长凳；工作台；法官

TSimpleServer accepts a connection, processes requests from the connection
 until the client closes the connection, and goes back to accept a new connection.

TNonblockingServer solves the problem with TSimpleServer of one client blocking 
all the other clients by using non-blocking I/O.

This way, multiple clients can be served without one client starving others.

starve		vi.挨饿；受饿；极度匮乏
				vt.使挨饿；使饿死

This way messages will get processed immediately if there is an idle worker threads,
 and multiple messages can be processed concurrently.
 
idle		adj.无目的；无聊的; 懒惰的；闲散的; 无根据的
			vt.虚度; 使空闲
			vi.不作事；闲逛; (机器)空转

the latency is 100 ms
latency			n.潜伏；潜伏期；延迟

PinLater is a Thrift service to manage scheduling and execution of asynchronous jobs. 

asynchronous		 	adj.异步的

Run Server Locally with MySQL backend

backend		n.后端		adj.后端的

Redis backed services run the risk of incurring data loss if pending job
 back ups are not tended to in a few hours.

incur				vt.招致；遭受；惹起

pending			adj.待定的；即将发生或来临的
					prep.直到；等待 ... 的时候；在 ... 期间

PinLater also supports a dequeue-only mode where a shard only receives dequeue requests
 but no new jobs will be enqueued. 

dequeue		v.离队；出列

It can help dealing with struggling backend system, 
or drain a shard before downsizing the cluster. 

struggle			vi.努力；奋斗；斗争；挣扎
					n.斗争；竞争；奋斗				
					
drain				v.排出；排干；喝光；耗尽
					n.下水道；消耗

shard			n.（陶器或玻璃等的）碎片；一小片或一部分；〈动物学〉昆虫翅鞘

cluster			n.群；簇；丛；串
					v.群集；丛生；使成群

billion			n.十亿

typically used for logging and metrics
metric			adj.公制的；米制的；十进制的
					n.标准；度量

pin				n.别针（大头针）；徽章；<口>脚
					v.钉住；别住；固定住					
					
You want to use backtick not regular tick:
backtick			n.【计】反勾号（``）

tick				v.滴答作响；给…标记号；运作；空转
					n.滴答声；一会儿；勾号；壁虱；蜱虫；枕套；褥套

The Simple Logging Facade for Java (SLF4J) serves as a simple facade or abstraction for 
various logging frameworks

facade			n.建筑物的正面；外表(犹指虚伪的)

precede			vt.在 ... 之前；先于
					vi.在前面；领先

Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options
mandatory		adj.法定的；义务的；强制性的；受委托的
					n.受托管理者

verbose			adj.罗嗦的；冗长的

Get a digest of original Linux and open source news and tutorials from Linux.com 
delivered to your inbox weekly.

inbox				n.收件箱
					
digest			n.摘要	vt.消化；理解	vi.消化					
					
deliver		v.递送；发表（演讲）；交付；解救；生（孩子）；接生；履行；投掷					
					
Say you want to keep your home directory (in this case /home/jack) free from stray files.					
					
stray			n.走失的家畜；浪子adj.迷途的；偏离的v.迷路；偏离					

you don't have to issue the mv command for every file. 
You can use wildcards to help you out. 

terse				adj.简洁的；简明的

default in parenthesis

parenthesis		n.圆括号；插入语

comma-separated set 
comma				n.逗号；停顿；间歇；银纹多角蛱蝶

dash-separated range
dash			v.猛冲；猛掷；泼溅；匆忙完成
				n.破折号；短跑；猛冲；冲

silly			adj.愚蠢的；琐屑的；可笑的；犯晕的
				n.（通常指小孩子）淘气鬼；傻孩子

profile			n.侧面；轮廓；形象；简介
					v.描绘 ... 轮廓；评论人物

profiling			n.程序概要分析

====================================
1~3（上部分已经打印）
merge	v.合并；融合；兼并
We’ll be using a fork of Tesseract Android Tools by Robert Theis called Tess Two. 
fork  n.叉；叉状物   vi.分叉  vt. 使成叉形；用叉叉起
shortfall  	n.不足；差额   applet		n.小应用程序
Get the weekly newsletter   newsletter	  n.时事通讯；业务通讯，内部通讯；新闻信札
Important community announcements  
announcement		n.通告；宣布；声明  announce	vt.宣布；宣告；预示；播报 vi.作播音员；宣布竞选
announcer		n.广播员；告知者
incorporate it into a Web page , compress it into a ZIP file and store it in much less space, 
send it by email—and all kinds of other neat things
incorporate	v.合并；组成公司 adj.合并的；公司组织的		
neat		adj.整洁的；简洁的；利索的adv.整洁地；利索地		
use speech synthesizers (computerized voices, like the one Stephen Hawking uses) to read out
 the words on a screen so blind and visually impaired people can understand them		
speech synthesizer	语音合成器	   synthesizer   n.合成器；综合器
synthesize    v.合成；综合  impair	vt.损害；削弱[计算机] 损伤.
blind		adj.盲目的；瞎的；未察觉的vt.使失明；隐藏adv.盲目地n.百叶窗；幌子		
impaired		adj.受损的；不匹配的，不适合的v.损害；削弱（动词impair的过去式和过去分词）		
documents are printed in many different typefaces (fonts) and the letter A can be 
printed in many subtly different forms.
typeface	n.字体；铅字样  subtly		adv.敏锐地；巧妙地；精细地
compiler it′s obligatory so maybe you have a Installation problem with the compiler
obligatory adj.强制性的；义务的；必须的
I need to boot up a program from the terminal window, say, nm-applet:
boot  n.靴子；猛踢；解雇；[英]汽车行李箱vt.踢；穿靴子；逐出；启动(计算机)
When it's started, it occupies the foreground of the terminal window.
I'm also quite partial to disown which can be used to separate a process from the current tree.
partial	adj.不完全的；部分的；偏袒的；偏爱的
You use it in conjunction with the backgrounding ampersand:
conjunction	n.结合；关联；连词；(事件等的)同时发生  ampersand	n.＆(and 的符号）
deselect   v.取消选择；否决（某人）为下届候选人
atomic   adj.原子的  atom  n.原子；微粒  atomization   n.原子化；雾化；分化
atomize   vt.使分裂成原子；使雾化；使成微粒；用原子弹轰炸；把…粉碎；将…割裂开来vi.分裂
anonymous   adj.匿名的；无名的；没特色的
anonymity    n.匿名；笔者不明
How do erase the contents of a error.log file but keep the file intact
intact  adj.完好无缺的；原封不动的；未经触碰的
The easiest way is to truncate a file is to redirect the output 
truncate  vt.切去一端；缩短；截棱成平面  adj.切去了头；缩短了的；截形的
synchronize vt.使同步；使同时发生vi.同时发生
Be specific  If you ask a vague question, you’ll get a vague answer.
vague  adj.不明确的；模糊的；茫然的；犹豫不决的
please stick to those topics and avoid asking for opinions or open-ended discussion.
open-ended  adj.无限制的；末端开口的；自由回答的；开放式的
skeletal  adj.骨骼的；梗概的；骸骨的
skeleton  n.骨架；纲要；骨骼；骨瘦如柴的人或动物；家丑adj.骨骼的
What really baffles me is... baffle  v.困惑；难倒；阻碍；受挫n.挡板；隔音板；反射板；困惑
if you were writing a database (DBMS) this class would come in handy.
come in handy  迟早会有用； 派上用场   Jan   abbr.一月（=January）
ByteBuffer  A container for data of a specific primitive type. 用于特定基本类型数据的容器。 
simulate tail -f inside less pager – Press F  simulate  vt.假装；模拟；模仿
Image is an abstract class. You can't instantiate Image directly.
BufferedImage is a descendant, and you can instantiate that one.
descendant   n.后裔；子孙；后代
Scene Text Recognition using similarity and a lexicon with Sparse Belief Propagation
lexicon  n.词典；词汇   propagation  n.增殖；繁殖；传播；传送
In a nutshell, apt-get update doesn't actually install new versions of software.
nutshell  n.坚果壳；小容器；简明扼要    compile issues so we all are a little stuck
stuck adj.不能动的；束手无策的；不得不的v.刺入，插入；阻塞，塞（动词stick 的过去式和过去分词）
symbolic   adj.象征的；符号的n.代号
synthetic   adj.合成的；人造的；综合的；虚伪的n.合成物；人工制品
Copying files from host to docker container    Hidden Markov Model  HMM 隐马尔科夫模型
conditional random field  条件随机场CRF
Maximally Stable Extremal Regions 最大极值稳定区域 MSER
Histogram of Oriented Gradient  方向梯度直方图HOG
Local Binary Pattern 局部二值模式   salience detection 显著性检测
multiple instance learning 多实例学习
How to reproduce the results?  reproduce  v.再生；复制；生殖
Jaderberg does do a great job at explaining his CNNs in his dissertation.  dissertation  n.论文
mute the thread    mute  n.哑子；弱音器；默音字母adj.哑的；沉默的；无声的vt.减音；减弱vi.(鸟)排泄
state-of-the-art   adj.最新式的；使用了最先进技术的；顶尖水准的
Text spotting, namely the ability to read text in natural scenes, is a highly-desirable 
feature in anthropocentric applications of computer vision.
anthropocentric   adj.以人类为中心的；人类解释宇宙说的
December / Dec    n.十二月  November / Nov   十一月   proposal    n.求婚；建议；提议
I tried to replicate this preprocessing in numpy/scipy/scikit-image
replicate   v.复制；模拟；折叠  n.复制品  adj.复制的；折叠的
combine the networks of detection and recognition into one unified framework. 
unify  vt.使统一、使成为一体   semantic-level awareness
semantic    adj.语义的   awareness   n.认识；觉察；意识
boosting the accuracy of word spotting     boosting  n.助推(升压；加速；增加)  v.推进
boosting pressure 升压   boosting dose加强剂量
boost  v.提高；增加；鼓励；举起；为...做宣传  n.增加；推进；鼓励
The recognizer not only provides extra recognition outputs
extra  adj.额外的n.额外之物；临时演员adv.特别地
extra buses增开的公共汽车   extra charge另外的收费
transcript    n.抄本；副本；誊本；成绩单；笔录
roughly  adv.粗略地；大约；粗暴地；粗糙地；粗鲁地
rough  adj.粗糙的；粗略的，大概的；粗暴的；艰难的；讨厌的；不适的；汹涌的
         adv.粗糙地；粗暴地n.粗制品；暴徒；高低不平的路面vt.使粗糙；殴打；草拟
word candidates are generated  with class-agnostic proposal generators
agnostic  n.不可知论者  adj.不可知论的；不可知论者的
TextBoxes enjoys a much simpler pipeline    pipeline  n.管道；管线；渠道v.用管道运输
We adopt a text recognizer called CRNN  in conjunction with TextBoxes for word spotting
and end-to-end recognition.    close conjunction密切配合
conjunction  n.结合；关联；连词；(事件等的)同时发生  conjunct   adj.结合的；共同的n.结合物
some scales squeeze image horizontally, so that some “long” words are shortened. 
squeeze  v.挤压；塞进；压榨；设法腾出n.挤压；少量；拥挤；严控；财政困难
unlikely to be meaningful words, e.g. repetitive patterns.  repetitive  adj.重复的；反复的
800k synthesized text images, created via blending rendered  words with natural images.
render   vt.提供；表现；使成为；宣布；翻译；回报；给予补偿；【计】渲染n.粉刷；打底；交纳
render help 给予帮助
render well演奏得好 render accurately准确地表达  render for以…来回报 render from从…译过来
Street View Text (SVT)
Momentum and weight decay are set to 0.9 and 5 × 10 ?4 respectively.
decay   v.(使)衰退；(使)腐败；(使)腐烂   n.衰退；腐烂；腐败
free opencv crash course    crash course  速成班
A Crash Course in Deep Learning
crash  v.撞击；坠毁；发出巨响；崩溃；破产；<俚>宿夜n.轰隆声；猛撞；崩溃；暴跌；垮台；粗布adj.速成的
Again, I want to reiterate that this list is by no means exhaustive.     reiterate  vt.重申
Let’s go ahead and dive in!
dive   n.潜水；跳水vi.跳水；俯冲；潜心钻研dive in  vt.跳水；开始大吃
Finally, I provide a “bonus” section for libraries that I have (1) not used in a long time, 
but still think you may find useful 
bonus  n.红利；意外所得之物；奖金；【篮】追加罚篮
Theano accomplishes this via tight integration with NumPy and transparent use of the GPU.
tight  adj.紧的；紧身的；密集的；拮据的adv.紧紧地；牢固地；迅速地
While not a perfect comparison, building a Convolutional Neural Network in 
Theano is like writing a custom SVM in native Python with only a sprinkle of NumPy.
sprinkle v.洒；撒；下稀疏小雨n.少量散布的屑状物
consider posting synopsis of your steps on github.      synopsis  n.摘要；概要
You might try the Caffe Dockerfile if you are having trouble, especially if there are 
conflicting dependencies, since the container encapsulates the dependencies for Caffe.
encapsulate   v.装入胶囊；封进内部；压缩；概括
Try to give your issue a title that is succinct and specific.     succinct  adj.简洁的
dummy    n.傀儡；假人；仿制品；笨蛋；哑巴adj.假的；仿造的vt.保密
dummy instruction空指令dummy signal假信号dummy string空行,空串
we propose to localize text in a holistic manner
holistic   adj.整体的；全盘的   holistic approach整体分析
 scene text detection is casted as a semantic segmentation problem
semantic   adj.语义的       sematic    adj.令人警惕的；警告的；有警戒作用的
 We tackle this issue by taking into account the center and scale of individual characters
tackle  v.处理；对付；阻截(对方球员)；与…交涉n.滑车；用具；铲球；(美式足球)拦截手
vast    adj.巨大的；广阔的   out-of-the-box  	adj.拆盒即可使用的，开箱即用的
 it still fails to handle some difficult cases, such as overexposure and large character spacing
exposure  n.暴露；揭露；胶片；曝光时间；(在电视、报纸等媒体上的)亮相；挨冻
overexposure   n.感光过度；[摄]过度曝光
is highly stable  and efficient to generate word proposals against cluttered backgrounds.
clutter  vt.弄乱；混乱n.杂乱   proposal  n.求婚；建议；提议
Apologies for any inconvenience caused.     apology   n.道歉；辩解；<口>勉强的代用品
"Robust Reading" refers to the research area dealing with the interpretation of written 
communication in unconstrained settings.     interpretation   n.解释；翻译；阐释；(艺术的)演绎
strip    v.剥去；剥夺；脱衣；除去n.脱衣舞；长条；条状
blob    n.小圆块；小斑点；一滴v.弄脏
a single convolution composed of 3 convolutional neurons, with kernel of size 5x5 and stride of 1
stride    n.大步走；一大步；步伐；进步vt.跨；跨骑vi.迈大步走；跨过；分腿站立
In traditional machine learning algorithms, we need to hand-craft the features. 
By contrast, in deep learning algorithms feature engineering is done automatically by the algorithm.
hand-craft  n.手工艺品，饰品
craft    n.工艺；手艺；狡诈；船舶；航空器；行会成员vt.手工制作；精心制作
until Geoffrey Hinton's breakthrough work of the mid-2000s.
In addition to algorithmic innovations, the increase in computing capabilities using GPUs 
and the collection of larger datasets are all factors that helped in the recent surge of deep learning.
innovation   n.创新；革新   innovate   v.改革；创新
surge    n.汹涌；波涛；猛增v.汹涌；涌起；激增；[海]缆绳滑脱
breakthrough   n.突破，突破性进展；关键问题的解决    backpropagation   n.反向传播(B-P)
propagation	n.增殖；繁殖；传播；传送    propagate   v.繁殖；增殖；传播；传送
Convolutional neural networks are designed to emulate the behaviour of a visual cortex.
emulate    vt.效法；尽力赶上[计算机] 仿真.    cortex  n.外皮；（大脑）皮层
unzip     v.拉开拉链；[计]解压缩  zip   n.拉链n.活力；飞射声v.拉拉链v.飕飕飞过；注入活力   zip up 拉上拉链
snapshot    n.快照；印象    dashboard   n.(汽车上的)仪表盘
Per the rules and spirit of this contest, please do not manually label your submissions 
contest   n.竞赛；比赛vt.驳斥；争取vi.奋斗   per  prep.每；每一；经过；按照
submission   n.提交；服从；屈服；[律]意见    submissive    adj.服从的；顺从的
However, given that there is always one willing to cheat to rise to glory, 
we reserve the right to wield the following anti-doping measures
glory   n.光荣；荣誉；赞颂；壮丽vi.自豪      wield   v.行使；施加(影响)；使用(武器等)；挥舞
 include nefarious tricks to make matching the old and new test sets very annoying
 (e.g. removing rows, reversing orientation
nefarious   adj.违法的；邪恶的  annoying   adj.恼人的；讨厌的
annoy   v.使恼怒；使烦恼；骚扰
sign     n.手势；招牌；符号；迹象；正负号v.签；签名；做手势；做标记
vanity   n.自负；虚荣心；无价值的东西；浮华
Lightning Memory-Mapped Database   (LMDB)闪电般的内存映射数据库
lightning   n.闪电；意外的幸运adj.闪电般的；快速的   anaconda   n.水蟒
cheat sheet for caffe / pycaffe?    cheat sheet    n.小抄
sheet   n.被单；纸；(薄)片；一片n.[船]帆脚索v.铺盖；使成片adj.片状的
Datum is a Google Protobuf Message class used to store data and optionally a label
optionally   adv.可选择地
Datum is often used in a data layer as an intermediate object which helps facilitate 
setting the batch's data and label.   facilitate     vt.促进；帮助；使 ... 容易
facile    adj.易做到的；轻易完成的；麻利的
That is only a facile answer.  那只是一个很肤浅的回答。


====================================
1~4（上部分已经打印）
weighted finite-state transducers    加权有限状态换能器
Then full-projective transformation is used to distort the characters.
projective  adj.投射的；射影的；凸出的
scene background patches are blended to the characters to imitate the reflection in real word. 
patch  n.小片；补丁；眼罩；（贴在伤口的）膏药；【生态】斑块vt.修补；补缀；解决；掩饰
imitate   vt.仿效；仿制；模仿
Recurrent Neural Network (RNN递归神经网络)  Deep Belief Network (DBN深层置信网络)
Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM 长短时记忆单元)
Gated Recurrent Unit  (GRU 门递归单元)   Neural Turing Machine   (NTM 神经图灵机)
Convolutional Recurrent Neural Network (CRNN) for image-based sequence recognition
recurrent   adj.再发生的；周期性的；循环的
trajectory   n.轨道；弹道；轨迹   corpus   n.资料；文集
it is a python dict which maps characters to frequencies, and saved as a cPickle dump.
dump     vt.倾倒；抛弃；倾销；抛售；倾卸；[计]转储vi.倾倒；突然落下n.垃圾场；军需供应站
all the generated charactersare cursive, and different handwriting styles can be found among them.
cursive   adj.草书的；草书体的n.草书；草书原稿
 we propose a framework by using the recurrent neural network (RNN) as both
a discriminative model for recognizing Chinese characters and
a generative model for drawing (generating) Chinese characters.
discriminative   adj.有识别力的；区别的；表示差别的
generative   adj.生殖的；生产的；有生殖力的
A curated list of resources dedicated to scene text localization and recognition
curate   n.副牧师；助理牧师；瑕瑜互见之物v.管理(博物馆展品等)；担任牧师
dedicated   adj.专注的；献身的；专用的
dedicate    vt.致力于；献出；提献辞
insightful discussions.   insightful   adj.有深刻见解的；富有洞察力的
transcription    n.抄本；誊写；用音标表示语音；转写；乐曲的改编；(生物)转移
The latter transcripts cropped word images into machine-interpretable character sequences.
transcript   n.抄本；副本；誊本；成绩单；笔录
stronger suppression is imposed on boxes of the same word.
impose     v.强加；课征；强迫；征收(税款)
All training images are augmented online with random crop and flip
augment    vt.增加n.增加；补充物
argument    n.辩论；论点；论据；争论；理由；(函数)自变量
we freeze the weights of the remaining layers, and we train a machine learning 
classifier on the output of the remaining layers.
freeze    v.冻结；冷冻；僵硬；凝固n.严寒；冻结
This paves the way for robust integration within dd.  pave   vt.铺路；铺设；铺满；安排
You can slice in any dimension you want, even multiple times.
slice   n.薄片；部分；曲球v.切成薄片；割；切开
No Compromise on Technology
compromise   n.妥协；折衷；折衷案；和解vt.妥协处理；危害vi.妥协，和解；让步
stack    n.堆；一大堆；【计】存储栈；迭式存储器，栈式存储器；存储栈数据v.堆积；堆放
The product is supported by Machine Learning experts and AI veterans
veteran    adj.老练的n.老手；老兵
you can refer to "http://arxiv.org", which has an good torch implementation at: (github). 
torch   n.手电筒；火炬；火把；<俚>纵火犯v.纵火
It is nearly off-the-shelf for recognition. 
off-the-shelf    adj.成品的；现成的；现货的
Versatile Machine Learning
versatile   adj.多才多艺的；通用的；多功能的
semi-supervised learning  半监督学习
ground truth  有监督学习中，数据是有标注的，以(x, t)的形式出现，其中x是输入数据，t是标注.
正确的t标注是ground truth,错误的标记则不是（也有人将所有标注数据都叫做ground truth）
corpus  n.资料；文集
Should i add dropout? 
dropout n.退学学生；拒绝传统社会的人；【计算机】磁盘信息失落；漏失信息，丢失信息
This does not download the ilsvrcC12 data set, as it is gargantuan.
gargantuan   adj.巨大的；庞大的
The following packages have unmet dependencies
unmet    adj.未满足的；未相遇的；未应付的
In addition to this manual, there are various other resources that may help new users
get started with torch, all summarized in this Cheatsheet
This can be subsituted with any text file.
substitute     n.代用品；代替者；替补队员vt.代替；用 ... 代替；代以
cannot find folly " when installing fbthrift
folly    n.愚蠢；荒唐事(复)follies: 轻松歌舞剧.
Presumably because this block is missing from the forked install_all.sh:
presumably  adv.大概；据推测；可能
presume     vt.假定；推测；姑且认定；认为是理所当然vi.越权行事；利用
The previous thrift ThreadManager used mutexs and condition variables to queue tasks and wake up threads. 
mutex     n.[计算机]互斥(体)
recipe   n.秘诀；食谱；药方
You can try Ctrl+L. It clears and/or redraws the terminal screen, depending on the program.
redraw    v.重新划（边界线）；重新安排或计划
Folly (acronymed loosely after Facebook Open Source Library) is a library of C++11 components
acronym     n.首字母缩略词
In fact, we embark on defining our own component only when something we need is either not available
embark   v.乘船；装载；着手；从事
We endeavor to remove things from folly if or when std or Boost obsoletes them.
endeavor     n.尽力；努力v.尽力；努力；力图   obsolete     adj.已废弃的；过时的
Performance concerns permeate much of Folly, sometimes 
leading to designs that are more idiosyncratic than they would otherwise be 
permeate   v.弥漫；渗透；普及   idiosyncratic  adj.特质的；与众不同的
This designation connotes primarily that we feel the API may change heavily over time.
connote   vt.意味着；隐含；暗示
At the top level Folly uses the classic "stuttering" scheme folly/folly used by Boost and others.
stutter    v.口吃；结巴着说话n.口吃；说话结巴
The directory structure is flat (mimicking the namespace structure), i.e. we don't have an 
elaborate directory hierarchy (it is possible this will change in future versions). 
mimic     vt.模仿；模拟n.模仿者；仿制品adj.模仿的；假的
mimicking   n.模仿  动词mimic的现在分词形式.
elaborate    adj.详尽的；复杂的；精心的；精美的v.详细地说明；用心制作；推敲；变得复杂
TH++ is a C++ tensor library, implemented as a wrapper
tensor   n.张量；[解]张肌  tensor analysis  张量分析  mixed tensor  混合张量   metric tensor度量张量
sudo aptitude install     aptitude  n.天资；资质；才能；倾向
saw   n.锯v.用锯子锯；前后移动；看见，明白，了解（动词see的过去式）
learn to generate fake Chinese characters in vector format
fake    adj.假的n.骗子；假货；欺骗vt.伪造；伪装vi.假造
migrate    vi.迁移；迁徙；转移
migrate between  在…之间迁移    migrate from the East  来自东方
proposal    n.求婚；建议；提议
proposal to reduce taxes 减税的建议   proposal for 有关…的提议
anchor   n.锚；锚状物；依靠；新闻节目主播；压阵队员v.抛锚；停泊；用锚系住；担任（广播电视新闻节目）的主持人
Oxford   n.牛津城；牛津大学；牛津布；牛津鞋
You could compute these ground truths of text proposals on the fly or pre-compute them in advance
on the fly    在运行中； 忙碌
Did you revise the loss function
revise     n.校订；修正；再校稿v.校订；修正；校正
revise a book 修订书    revise a contract  修改合同   revise for the examination  复习迎考
Performance on tilt and perspective texts
tilt   vt.(使)倾斜vi.抨击；争论n.倾斜；车盖；以全速；(小舟、车辆、地摊等的)帐蓬
tilt the hat 歪戴帽子 tilt the wings  倾斜机翼     tilt backwards 向后倾斜
tilt at an opponent   向敌人冲刺tilt into a room冲进房间
perspective    n.远景；看法；透视adj.透视
You’re receiving notifications because you’re subscribed to this thread.
thread    n.线；思路；螺纹；线索；细丝；帖子vt.穿过；穿线于；遍布vi.滴下成丝状；小心地通过；蜿蜒前进
a little confused about "zoom in 1.2" you mentioned before? Do you mean resize the picture to 1.2
zoom  v.急速上升；嗡嗡作响；（镜头）拉近（拉远）n.急速上升；嗡嗡声；(摄影)变焦 
zoom lens 变焦透镜  zoom back 移后
zoom out  缩小    zoom ratio可变焦距比   
zoom optics变焦距光学装置,变焦光学器件   zoom in 放大
I have tried a lot of different parameters, but none of the results are optimal. 
optimal   adj.最理想的；最佳的
optimal filtering 最优滤波   optimal control最优控制    optimal policy 最优策略
optimal approximation  最佳逼近    optimal allocation  最优配置
Please cite the following paper if you are using the code/model in your research paper
cite     vt.引用；传讯；表扬；举(例)
cite another example  举出另一例子   cite an author  引用作者的著作
cite sth as instance  举某物为例    cite sth as proof of...  引…以证明
citation     n.引用；表扬；(法律)传票
This makes scene text recognition imperative for many areas in information retrieval
imperative    adj.紧要的；必要的；祈使的n.紧要的事；命令；义务；驱使
imperative manner  命令的态度    the imperative mood祈使语气  
really imperative真正迫切需要
While the recognition of text within scanned documents is well studied and there are many document
OCR systems that perform very well, these methods do not translate to the highly variable domain
of scene text recognition.
translate     v.翻译；解释；转移；调动
translate a book翻译一本书   translate a computer's answer翻译计算机的答案  
translate as把…解释为…        translate from Chinese into English从汉语译成英语
When applied to natural scene images, traditional OCR techniques fail as
they are tuned to the largely black-and-white, line-based environment of printed documents
tune   n.曲调；调子；和谐；协调；数量vt.为 ... 调音；调整vi.调音；调整频率
tuned    adj.调谐的；调好台的
tuned in谙熟到最新事态发展的  fine-tune微调   tuned ringing谐频振铃
While most approaches recognize individual characters by pooling evidence locally.
Crucially, however, we regress all the characters simultaneously, formulating this as a
classification problem in a large lexicon of 90k possible words 
regress   v.倒退；回归；退化n.退回；回归；逆向思维
formulate   v.用公式表示；系统地阐述；规划；制订   formulate criteria订出标准
simultaneously    adv.同时地     simultaneous    adj.同时发生的；同步的
simultaneous translation同声传译,即时传译    simultaneous solution联立解
simultaneous carry同时进位 
This result is highly non-trivial    non-trivial   非平凡的    trivial     adj.不重要的；琐碎的
These limitations have been mitigated before by mining for data or havingaccess to 
large proprietary datasets  but neither of these approaches are wholly accessible or scalable.
mitigate     vt.减轻；缓和
mining   n.采矿；矿业   mining engineer采矿工程师   data mining数据挖掘技术
mining engineering采矿工程
proprietary    adj.专利的；所有权的n.所有权；所有人
proprietary drug专卖药, 专利药    proprietary medicine专利药品
proprietary company控股公司,持股公司,土地兴业公司   proprietary name注册商标
wholly   adv.完全地；全部地；一概   wholly improper  完全不妥当   wholly successful十分成功
Font rendering – a font is randomly selected from a catalogue of over 1400 fonts downloaded
from Google Fonts.
Border/shadow rendering – an inset border, outset border or shadow with a random width may
be rendered from the foreground.
inset   n.插入物；插页；插图v.嵌入
And as a bonus we’ll also see how we can utilize scikit-image to download an image from a URL,
along with a common “gotcha” that could trip you up along the way.
gotcha    int.这下抓住你了； 我明白了<口>=I'v got you(it)!
trip    n.旅行；摔倒；差错；轻快的步伐
		 vt.使跌倒；使失败；使犯错；起锚；竖帆vi.绊倒；旅行；轻快地走；失误；结巴 
arrange a trip安排旅行       cancel a trip取消旅行
boring trip令人厌烦的旅行   cheap trip花钱少的旅行
Let’s take a look at how we can leverage scikit-image to download an image from a URL and convert it to OpenCV format
leverage  n.杠杆；杠杆作用；举债经营v.举债经营；补充(金钱等)；对…产生影响
leverage factor 杠杆系数





====================================
1~5（上部分已经打印）
ergodic    adj.各态历经的；遍历性的
reduce     v.减少；缩小；使落魄；简化；还原
def mul(x, y):  
    return x * y  
numList = range(1, 5)      reduce(mul, numList) # 5! = 120 
reduce a person to reason使人服理
reduce easily 容易征服    reduce gradually 逐步缩小
reduce sth from...to  把某物从…降至…     reduce in在…方面减少,在…方面降低
once you have an array, you’re gonna have to write a loop.
gonna     <美> 将要(=going to)
Most of the time, this is fine and dandy
dandy     adj.<口>极好的   n.花花公子；好打扮的人
shuffle    v.拖曳；搅乱；推诿；洗牌；移来移去
			 n.洗牌；搅乱；拖着脚走；搪塞
Give the cards a good shuffle.           把牌好好洗一洗。
On his desk was a shuffle of papers.  他的桌上放着混杂的文件。
cryptography      n.密码术；密码系统
Digital signatures rely on public key cryptography.
数字签名依赖于公共密钥加密学。
public key cryptography  公钥密码
setfont() is deprecated. " "Please set the attribute directly instead
deprecate     v.声明不赞成；抨击；反对
The peace-loving people deprecate war.  爱好和平的人民反对战争。
triangle     n.三角(形)
He outlined the triangle in red.他用红笔画出三角形。
The angles of a triangle total 180.三角形的三角之和等于180°。
Make this image into a thumbnail. 
thumbnail    n.大拇指的指甲；极小之物；小图片adj.极小的；极短的
thumbnail sketch用拇指轻按鼻头挥动四指表示轻蔑、嗤之以鼻
sketch    n.速写；素描；草图；概述  v.草拟；速写；(简略地)描绘
do〔make, take〕 a sketch 素描    draw a sketch  画略图〔速写,素描〕
brief〔short〕 sketch 简介  composite sketch综合素描像
sketch from nature  写生
Unfortunately, since Keras uses the Theano framework underneath, i was
limited to implementing the loss function
underneath     adv.在下面n.下部；底部prep.在 ... 下面
She was wearing a woolen coat, with a cotton blouse underneath.
她外面穿了一件毛外套，里面穿一件棉布衬衫。
underneath the surface  水面下   underneath drive 低传动,下部传动
Trouble using python PIL library to crop and save image
crop     n.农作物；收成；庄稼；(一)批   v.修剪；啃吃；收获；出现
prime    adj.最好的；首要的；典型的 n.壮年；全盛时期；青春 n.[数]质数
			vt.事先指点；在（金属、木材等上）打底漆  vi.变得首要
prime importance  头等重要  feel prime很神气  attain〔reach〕 the prime达到全盛时期
pass one's prime 过了全盛时期  woman at her prime风韵正佳的妇人
in one's prime 正当壮年 prime sb for a life on stage培养某人当演员prime a lamp with oil把油注入灯
primer    n.启蒙书；入门书  n.雷管；底火；底漆
automatic primer  自动起爆器    hand primer  手起动,手动起动泵
for 1-D arrays to inner product of vectors (without complex conjugation)
conjugation    n.结合；配合n.动词的变化；变形n.[生]配对；接合
conjugate     v.结合；配合；（动词）词形变化
					adj.成对的；[数]共轭的；[语]同词根的n.[数]共轭值；[语]同根词
Based on the steepest descent method and the conjugate gradient method, 
a hybrid algorithm is proposed in this paper, and its global convergence is proved.
摘要将最速下降法与共扼梯度法有机结合起来，构造出一种混合优化算法，并证明其全局收敛性。
conjugate planes  共轭平面   conjugate complex 共轭复数
conjugate axis  共轭轴         conjugate line共轭线,共轭直线
You might also try this little code snipped:
mypath = ...
if not os.path.isdir(mypath):
   os.makedirs(mypath)
snip    n.剪；剪口；剪下的小片；不知天高地厚的人；便宜货
		  v.剪；剪裁；剪短
snip off 剪掉
Create a directory and any missing ancestor directories. 
If the directory already exists, do nothing.
ancestor     n.祖宗；祖先；原种
During the festival the investor investigated his ancestor.节日期间投资者调查了他的祖宗
a common ancestor 同一个祖先      remote ancestor 远古祖先
noble ancestors名门	
ancestral	adj.祖先的；祖传的								
They kept their ancestral customs.他们保持了祖辈的习俗。					
ancestral cell [医] 祖细胞, 初细胞   ancestral element祖元素					
ancestry	n.祖先；家世；门第；血统				
He cames of a good ancestry.他家世很好。					
He is an American of French ancestry.他是法国血统的美国人。					
lineal ancestry直系祖先	 have Scottish ancestry 祖籍苏格兰  trace one's ancestry寻根				
You have no active bounties					
bounty	   n.慷慨；慷慨的赠予物；（由政府提供的）奖金		 		
He is famous for his bounty to the poor.他因对穷人慷慨相助而出名。					
bounty hunter 为赏金而追捕逃犯者	  export bounty 出口津贴				
demo   	 n.样本唱片；演示；<口>示威
demo applets  演示小应用程序
Miscellaneous operators supported by Lua Language include concatenation and length.
..	Concatenates two strings.	a..b where a is "Hello " and b is "World", will return "Hello World".
#	A unary operator that returns the length of the a string or a table.	#"Hello" will return 5
miscellaneous     adj.多方面的；各种的；性质混杂的[计算机] 杂的.
						 n.杂货；杂项[合同法律用语]其他约定.
He likes to have miscellaneous collection.他喜欢多种多样的收集。
miscellaneous data  杂项数据     miscellaneous operation杂操作
miscellaneous income 杂项收入
unary     adj.一元的；单项的
unary array  一元数组        unary operation  单目运算,单值运算,一元运算
escape    v.逃跑；逃脱；逃避；被忘掉；泄露；去度假
			  n.逃跑；逃脱；逃避；泄露；度假；[计算机]退出键
escape curse  免遭咒骂  escape danger避免危险
escape from 从…中逃出来,逃离  escape from prison越狱
escape sequence    换码顺序； 转义序列
The size of an array is not fixed and it can grow based on our requirements, subject to memory constraints.
subject      n.话题；科目；主题；题材；主观；[语]主语n.实验对象；(君主国)国民
				adj.易患的；服从的vt.使服从；使隶属；使遭遇
address a subject 提出问题  avoid a subject回避问题
attractive subject  有吸引力的话题〔题目,学科〕 basic subject基础科学
composition subject  作文题    school subjects  学校的学习科目
subject a country征服一个国家   no longer subject不再取决于…   exceedingly subject常受制于…
you should be able to use it with python 2, but there might be the occasional oversight. Please log an issue for any python 2 incompatibilities you notice
oversight   n.疏忽；失察；监管；看管
I've always thought of Lua as a rather obscure scripting language, does anyone know why it seems to be so popular with these organisations
obscure    adj.难解的；不著名的；微暗的；[语音学]轻音的v.使 ... 模糊；隐藏；变模糊n.模糊不清的东西
obscure corner  昏暗的角落    obscure explanation   模糊的解释
I am heavily involved in the torch community, let me give you a biased answer (because there seem to be several biased and downright ridiculous answers like kjlearns' )
biased   adj.有偏见的
This periodical carries a biased report on China.
这本期刊登了一篇对中国有偏见的报道。
biased statistics  有偏统计量   biased forecast 含有错误的预测
biased error  偏误    biased data  分布不匀数据,偏置数据,分布不匀的数据
downright    adv. 彻底地；完全地  adj.彻底的；明白的；率直的
It's a downright lie.  那是个彻头彻尾的谎言。
He wasn't just inconsiderate, he was downright rude. 他岂止不体谅人，简直是十分粗暴。
ridiculous     adj.荒谬的；可笑的
C++ and Python are still (and always were) the most popular languages for machine learning at each of these companies, 
Torch or Lua don't even come close in terms of headcount.
headcount     n.点人头数；职员总数
There is no real conspiracy that the maintainers of Torch (afaik) planned, to force Lua (or Torch) down peoples' throats.
conspiracy    n.阴谋；共谋     fraud conspiracy诈骗阴谋
throat    n.嗓子；喉咙；颈部；嗓音  vt.低语；压着嗓子说(唱)
cut throat  [医] 刎颈   sore throat喉咙痛
throat section  喉部截面    throat pressure  喉部压力,临界截面压力
forge     vt.锻造；伪造；建立  vi.伪造；做铁匠  n.锻炉；铁匠铺；锻造车间
forge anchor 锻造铁锚     forge from用…锻造而成
reinforce    vt.加固；加强；增强；使更具说服力   vi.得到加强
We will use metal strap to reinforce the outside.  我们会在纸箱外用金属带加固。
reinforcement     n.增强；加固；强化物；增援力量
steel reinforcement 钢筋  reinforcement bar钢筋
Deep Learning with Torch - A 60-minute blitz
blitz     n.闪击（尤指空袭）；（突击性或集中性的）工作v.以闪击战攻击或破坏
blitz attack  闪击战,毁灭性的攻击    aerial blitz  空中闪电战
Neural Networks package -- build arbitrary acyclic computation graphs with automatic differentiation
acyclic     adj.非循环式的；无环的
acyclic dynamo  单极发电机   acyclic machine单极电机   acyclic circuit非周期电路
acyclic graph 非循环图,无圈图    acyclic compound无环化合物
automatic   adj.自动的；无意识的；必然的n.自动装置；半自动武器
This heating system has an automatic temperature control.
这个暖气系统有自动化的温度调节系统。
automatic camera 自动照相机   automatic consequence必然的结果
Modules are the bricks used to build neural networks
brick      n. 砖；砖块；砖状物  vt. 用砖围砌（或堵）
His new house was built by himself, brick by brick.
他的新房子是他自己一块砖一块砖砌起来的。
Her husband is a brick layer.她丈夫是个砌砖匠。
brick of gold金砖      red bricks红砖
milestone     n.里程碑
development milestone  发展里程碑   milestone state  里程碑状态
feval     n.澳洲野山羊；函数宏指令；执行由串指定的函数（matlab的函数之一）
commensurate     adj.相称的；成比例的；适当的
Salary will be commensurate with experience.  薪金将会与资历相称。
There isn’t much difference between an RNN and feedforward network implementation
feedforward     n.前馈；正向馈电传送
placeholder   n.位置标志符；占位符
placeholder record占位记录digit placeholder数字保留区
Oxford's renowned Visual Geometry Group
geometry       n.几何；几何学
Google Scholar   scholar  n.学者；获奖学金的学生
accomplished scholar 有造诣的学者    scholar in〔of〕 English英语学者
Data Augmentation      数据增强
augmentation     n.增加；增大
augment     vt.增加   n.增加；补充物
Hotel workers depend on tips to augment their usually small salaries.
饭店的工作人员主要靠小费来增加他平时微薄的收入。
argument     n.辩论；论点；论据；争论；理由；(函数)自变量
dropout   n.退学学生；拒绝传统社会的人；【计算机】磁盘信息失落；漏失信息，丢失信息(弃权)
Deep Residual Learning
residual      adj.剩余的；残余的n.剩余部分；(复)追加酬金
That's the residual outcome of your past thoughts and actions.
那只是你过去的思想和行为所产生的残余结果。
residual radiation  残余辐射,剩余辐射     residual oil  残余油,残油
bottleneck   n.瓶颈v.阻塞；妨碍adj.狭窄的
TV talk show has entered a bottleneck period, gradually chug.
目前电视谈话节目已经进入了一个瓶颈期，问题逐渐彰显
chug    n.（火车等缓行时的）轧轧响声v.发出轧轧声；一口气喝完
Keras (κ?ρα?) means horn in Greek. 
greek    adj.希腊的；希腊人的；希腊语的n.希腊人；希腊语
horn    n.喇叭；触角；角质；号v.强行介入
Although he was not invited,Henry managed to horn in on Myra's wedding.
尽管亨利没有被邀请，他还是设法闯来参加迈拉的婚礼。
toot   n.发出鸣声或嘟嘟声v.(使某物)发嘟嘟声；吹奏
She gave a sharp toot on her horn.她高声按响了喇叭。
toot one's own horn自吹自擂
The driver tooted his horn as he approached the bend.
开车的人在快要转弯时按响了喇叭。
blow a horn  吹号角  grow horns长角
hold a sheep by the horns握住羊的角
hero   n.英雄n.男主角；男主人公
honor       n.荣誉；荣幸；尊敬；信用；正直；贞洁
			   vt.尊敬；使荣幸；对...表示敬意；兑现
He stained the family honor.他玷污了家族的荣誉。
I consider it a great honor to be invited to dinner.我认为能被邀请参加晚宴是很大的荣幸。
honor system 荣誉制度   last honor葬礼  in honor of为纪念
deceive    vt.欺骗vi.行骗
who deceive men with false visions
vision     n.视力；视觉；幻觉；眼光；洞察力；想象力v.幻想；设想
minimalism：Each module should be kept short and simple.
minimalism    n.(艺术)极简主义
sequential     adj.连续的(序贯的)
The Power test executes a single stream of database queries in sequential order.
能力测试将以连续的次序执行一个数据库查询流。
A stateful recurrent model is one for which the internal states (memories) obtained after processing a batch of samples are reused as initial states for the samples of the next batch. 
This allows to process longer sequences while keeping computational complexity manageable.
stateful     adj.宏伟的；威严的
instead of using a sigmoid activation function, we use rectified linear units （ReLU修正线性单元）
rectify   vt.改正；[化]精馏；[电]整流
lenient     adj.宽大的；仁慈的
severe     adj.严厉的；严重的；剧烈的；严格的；严峻的
The premier came under severe criticism.这位总理遭到严厉的抨击。
He's suffering from severe mental disorder.他患有严重的精神病。
severe illness 严重的疾病     increasingly severe日益严重
Obtaining intermediate layers' activation values given input example(s)
require 'nn'  net = nn.Sequential().....net:add(nn.LogSoftMax()) 
Simply using net:forward(input) returns the last layer's output after LogSoftMax has been applied 
How can I get the activations of each of the intermediate layers when feeding an input? i.e. I feed an input example to the network and want to extract the activation
results of the 6th layer (a convolutional layer), not just the final layer.
Via net:get(6).output (see get and output).
Computer Vision has become ubiquitous in our society, with applications in search, image understanding, apps, mapping, medicine, drones, and self-driving cars. 
计算机视觉在社会中已经逐渐普及，并广泛运用于搜索检索、图像理解、手机应用、地图导航、医疗制药、无人机和无人驾驶汽车等领域
ubiquitous    adj.到处存在的      ubiquity    n.到处存在；遍在
The struggle between opposites is ubiquitous.   对立的争斗无所不在。
ubiquitous computing  普适计算
Look at the growing ubiquity of WiFi to illustrate this.用增长中的到处存在的无线局域网来举例说明一下
drone     n. 雄蜂；游手好闲者；无人驾驶飞机    n.嗡嗡声；单调的声音
			 vi.嗡嗡叫；混日子vt.单调低沉地说
drone on  唠唠叨叨地说下去    drone fly蜂蝇    recoverable drone可收回的无人驾驶靶机
repository     n.容器；仓库；贮藏室；智囊
conformance       n.顺应；一致
Every citizen should behave in conformance with the law.   每个公民应该遵照法律行事
conform      v.使一致；遵从
conform artificially不自然地遵守
He doesn't conform to the usual stereotype of the city    他不像典型的城市商人那样
conformity      n.一致；符合；遵守
His behavior was in conformity with his ideals.   他的行为与他的理想一致
in conformity with 符合    in conformity to与 ... 一致(依照)
non conformity  不适合(不一致)
We often need math operations in scientific and engineering calculations and we can avail this using the standard Lua library math
floor    n.地面；地板；楼层；底部vt.铺地板；击倒；(油门)踩到底
The floor was moist and slippery.  地面潮湿而光滑
bare floor   光秃秃的地板    floor the attacker  将进攻者打倒在地   floor the room  给房间铺地板
avail     v.有利；有助于n.益处
It will avail them to dispose of their booty.  转让赃物对他们来说是有利的
math.floor (x)   Returns the largest integer smaller than or equal to x.
math.floor(3.14) -> 3      math.floor(2.99) -> 2
booty      n.战利品；赃物；奖励n.<俚>臀部
They handed in their war booty to their leader.  他们把战利品上缴给了上级。
math.ceil (x)   Returns the smallest integer larger than or equal to x
math.ceil(2.13)->3       math.ceil(3.9)->4
ceil    vt.装天花板；装船内格子板
The ceiling came down.  天花板塌了
A lamp was suspended from the ceiling above us.   我们头顶上的天花板上吊著一盏灯
ceiling     n.天花板；上限
The low ceiling of the room gave me a feeling of oppression.低矮的屋顶给我一种压抑的感觉
price ceiling  最高限价
outdated     adj.旧式的；落伍的；过时的
It should be possible to make a less hideous code but this one details all the steps and works with torch 7
hideous     adj.丑陋的；可怕的；可憎的；令人惊骇的
The command :m .+1 (which can be abbreviated to :m+) moves the current line to after line number .+1 (current line number + 1). 
That is, the current line is moved down one line.
abbreviate     vt.缩写；缩短；使简略
It is seldom acceptable to abbreviate words in formal writing.
在正式的书面语中使用缩写语通常是不能接受的
Diagnose gradients by checking the value range and the ratio of the norms
diagnose    v.判断；诊断(疾病)      diagnose disease〔illness〕诊断疾病
What more will you want to know to diagnose this problem?
要弄清这个问题，你还需要知道些什么?
scrape    v.刮掉；擦掉n.擦伤；擦掉；刮擦声；<口>窘境
He bent over to scrape some dirt off his shoes.   他弯腰刮掉鞋子上的尘土
scrape away a misspelled word  擦去拼写错的字     scrape away the wallpaper   刮掉糊墙纸
bad scrape   严重刮伤    Scraping the Data 数据抓取
Introduction to Web Scraping, introduces web scraping and explains ways to crawl a website.
网络爬虫简介， 介绍了网络爬虫， 并讲解了爬取网站的方法
crawl    v.爬行；卑躬屈膝；自由式游泳n.爬行；匍匐而行；[体]自由式游泳
move at a crawl   缓慢行进   
Soldiers quietly crawl to advance to enemy.  士兵们悄悄地向敌人匍匐前进
spider      n.蜘蛛；十字叉；三脚架；长柄平底锅
The little girl thinks spiders are terrible creatures.    小女孩认为蜘蛛是一种可怕的生物
spider web  蜘蛛网
Interacting with Forms, shows you how to work with forms to access the data you are after.
表单交互，展示了如何与表单进行交互，从而访问你需要的数据
Solving CAPTCHA, elaborates how to access data that is protected by CAPTCHA images.
验证码处理 ， 阐述了如何访问被验证码图像保护的数据
CAPTCHA    n.Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart；
全自动区分电脑与人类的图灵测试( captcha )
What you need for this book    阅读本书的前提
Ideally, in a future version of this book, the examples will be ported to Python 3
理想情况下，本书未来的版本会将示例代码移植到Python3当中 
port   n.港口     arrive at port  到达港口  call at port航程中停靠港口
deepwater port  深水港    home port  国内港
Also, a custom website allows us to craft examples that illustrate specific skills and avoid distractions
定制网站允许我们自定义示例， 用于阐释特定技巧并避免其他干扰
craft   n.工艺；手艺；狡诈；船舶；航空器；行会成员vt.手工制作；精心制作
He graduated from a school of crafts and arts.  他毕业于一所工艺美术学校
land one's craft  把飞机降落到地面上   learn a craft学手艺
practice a craft  从事某种行业            use craft使用骗术
distraction    n.分心；分心的事物；注意力分散；娱乐；消遣；发狂
You must reject distraction and concentrate on your work at hand.  你必须停止分心，集中精力在你手头的工作上
distract   vt.分散；转移；分心；困扰
The film managed to distract me from these problems for a while.
这部影片分散了我的注意力，让我暂时忘记了这些难题
These examples will assume competence with Python and installing modules with  pip
本书中的这些示例将假设你已经拥有Python语言以及使用pip安装模块的能力
If you need a brush up, there is an excellent free online book 
如果你想复习一下这些知识， 有一本非常好的免费在线书籍
Explain the legal challenges    解释合法性质 
Perform background research on our target website     对目标网站进行背景调研
Progressively building our own advanced web crawler   逐步完善一个高级网络爬虫
Sitemap files are provided by websites to help crawlers locate their updated content without needing to crawl every web page.
Sitemap 文件（即网站 地图 ）
HTTP errors is defined by the Internet Engineering Task Force
互联网工程任务组（ Internet Engineering Task Force ） 定义了HTTP错误的完整列表
force     n.武力；暴力；力量；影响力；力量大的人或（事物）；权力；
			（为某目的组织起来的）一群人；军队；部队；武装力量；警察部门；力；风力
			v.迫使；强迫；强制；使发生；强装（欢笑）；人工催长

By default,  urllib2 will download content with the  Python-urllib/2.7 user agent, where  2.7 is the version of  Python
默认情况下 ，urllib2使用 Python-urllib/2. 7作为用户代理下载网页内容，其中2.7是Python 的版本号
It would be preferable to use an identifiable user agent in case problems occur with our web crawler
如果能使用可辨识的用户代理则更好， 这样可以避免我们的网络爬虫碰到一些问题
Also, some websites block this default user agent, perhaps after they experienced a poorly made Python web
crawler overloading their server
此 外 ，也许是因为曾经历过质量不佳的Python网络爬虫造成的服务器过载 ，一些网站还会封禁这个默认的用户代理
Link crawler  链接爬虫
we can throttle(限速) our crawl by waiting for a delay between downloads
throttle     n.节流阀；油门；喉咙v.扼喉咙；使窒息
He drove his motorbike up and down the drive at full throttle.  他骑着摩托车，开足油门，在车道上来回奔驰
He wanted to seize the baby and throttle it. 他真想把孩子抓过来卡死
Avoiding spider traps  避免爬虫陷阱
then the next month will also have links to the next month, and so on for eternity
eternity    n.永远；来世；不朽；漫长的时间
eternal  adj.永久的；永恒的n.永恒的事
launch into eternity 死    send someone into eternity 送某人上西天,把某人杀死
Regular expressions正则表达式
regular expressions provide a quick way to scrape data but are too brittle and will easily break
brittle    adj.易碎的；尖利的；脆弱的n.果仁薄脆糖
The ice is brittle as the thin glass.  这些冰像薄的玻璃一样易碎
Adding a scrape callback to the link crawler   为链接爬虫添加抓取回调
This is not a significant obstacle for our small example website
obstacle   n.障碍；绊脚石
Lack of education is an obstacle of success.   缺乏教育是成功的障碍
compressing the pickled string with  zlib before saving to disk
只需在保存到磁盘之前使用 zlib 压缩序列化字符串 即可
pickled    adj.腌制的；腌渍的；<俚>烂醉如泥的
Pickled foods should not be eaten in large quantities.
腌制食品不宜多吃
pickle    n.腌汁；泡菜；<英口>淘气鬼；<口>困境v.腌；泡
Expiring stale data   清理过期数据
stale     adj.不新鲜的；陈腐的；厌倦的v.变得不新鲜；腐坏；(动物)撒尿n.(动物的)尿
His hunger makes his stale bread go down.
饥饿使他把这不新鲜的面包吞了下去
stale taste  霉味,陈味   stale check  失效支票
expire    vi.终止；期满；失效；呼气；断气
My passport is due to expire in two months.  我的护照再过两个月就到期了
expire with the magazine subscription 结束杂志订阅
To avoid the anticipated limitations to our disk-based cache, we will now build
our cache on top of an existing database system
为了避免磁盘缓存方案的己知限制，下面我们会在现有数据库系统之上创建缓存
anticipate     vt.预期；提前使用；抢 ... 前vi.预言
We anticipate that we will meet a certain amount of resistance to our plan.
我们预料我们的计划会遇到一些人的反对
anticipate the enemy  先发制人  anticipate one's income预支工资
anticipated    adj.预期的；预先的
What is your anticipated salary?   你期望的月薪是多少?
To test the performance of concurrent downloading, it would be preferable to have a
larger target website. 
For this reason, we will use the Alexa list in this chapter, which
tracks the top 1 million most popular websites according to users who have installed
the Alexa Toolbar. 
为此， 本章将使用 Alexa 提供的最受欢迎的100万个网站列表， 该列表的排名根据安装了Alexa 工具栏的用户得出 
Only a small percentage of people use this browser plugin, so the
data is not authoritative
authentic      adj.真正的；真实的；可信的；可靠的
He found out the most authentic restaurants.他找到了最正宗的餐馆
authentic document  正式文件   authentic painting 原作绘画
authenticate     v.证明...为真；验证
The painting has been authenticated by experts.   专家已经验证过这幅画的真伪
During the crawl, threads may also prematurely shut down when there are currently no more URLs in the queue
premature     adj.提前的；过早的；早产的n.早产儿；早熟
Cross-process crawler  多进程爬虫
According to the United Nations Global Audit of Web Accessibility, 73 percent
of leading websites rely on JavaScript for important functionalities
根据联合国全球网站可访问性审计报告 ， 73%的主流网站都在其重要功能中依赖JavaScript
Google's Gmail and Google Maps were early examples of the
dynamic web applications and helped take AJAX to a mainstream audience.
Google的Gmail和Google地图是动态Web应用的早期实验者 ，也对 AJAX 成为主流起到了重要帮助
mainstream    n.主流adj.主流的v.把 ... 编入学校正规班级；把 ... 纳入主流
Reverse engineering a dynamic web page  对动态网页进行逆向工程
Nobody could go completely against the mainstream of the history
没有人能够完全逆历史主流而行
Poll the web page for the expected content to appear   轮询网页，等待特定内容出现
poll      n.民意测验；投票；票数   v.做民意测验；获得 ... 票
heavy poll  很高的投票数   nationwide poll全国范围的投票
boycott the poll  抵制投票  conduct a poll进行民意调查
The high-level Mechanize module for easier form submissions
用于简化表单提交的高级模块 Mechanize
Extending the login script to update content   支持内容更新的登录脚本扩展
Automating forms with the Mechanize module   使用 Mechanize 模块实现自动化表单处理
CAPTCHA stands for Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers
and Humans Apart. As the acronym suggests, it is a test to determine whether the user is human or not
Registering an account
register    v.登记；记录；注册；挂号n.登记簿；记录；暂存器n.[语]语域；[音]音域通风调节设备
You must register if you intend to vote.  如果你要投票选举,你就必须登记
register as   以…登记,使登记成为…    register at a conference 向大会报到
Pillow is a fork of the better known Python Image Library (PIL), which currently has not been updated since 2009.
Pillow是知名的Python 图像处理库（ Python Image Library,PIL ）的分支版本 ，不过PIL从2009年开始就没有再是新过
Tuning settings    优化设置
Before running the generated spider, the Scrapy settings should be updated to avoid the spider being blocked
Sometimes when scraping a website, it can be useful to pause the crawl and resume
it later without needing to start over from the beginning
在抓取网站时， 暂停爬虫并于稍后恢复而不是重新开始，有时会很有用
resume   v.重新开始；再继续n.简历；履历；摘要
I tried to persuade her to resume her job as secretary.   我试图劝她重新干她的秘书工作
I enclosed my resume in my letter.  我在信里附上了我的简历
resume business  重新营业   resume cheerily 高兴地继续

====================================
1~6（上部分已经打印）
dock to bottom、dock to right    (chrome debug the console plane locate)
undock into seperate window
dock     n.码头；船坞；船埠v.进(港、码头)
The ferry is expected to dock at 6.
渡船预计在6点停靠码头
dock the horse's tail  剪短马的尾巴  dock the ship  把船引靠码头
Debugging memory leaks   调试内存溢出
In Scrapy, objects such as Requests, Responses and Items have a finite lifetime: they are created, used for a while, and finally destroyed
debug    v.调试；驱除（某处的)害虫；排除障碍；寻出并拆除 ... 内的窃听器
It's time to debug the garden of insect pests. 是时候给花园除虫了
debug aid[计] 调试辅助程序, 调式工具debug card调试卡
leak    v.渗；漏；泄露n.漏洞；泄露
Water poured in through a leak in the ship's hull. 水从船体上的漏洞中涌进来
leak gas  漏气   leak light  漏光
cause〔find, repair, stop〕 a leak造成〔找到,修补,堵塞〕漏洞have〔take〕 a leak小便,撒尿
pour    v.不断流动；倒；倾泻；蜂涌而来n.倾泻
Although I poured it carefully, I spilt some of the oil.
虽然我倒油时很小心，但还是洒了一些
pour a drink倒饮料pour arguments说出理由
The leak could also come from a custom middleware, pipeline or extension that you have written
if you are not releasing the (previously allocated) resources properly.
内存泄露可能存在与一个您编写的中间件，管道(pipeline) 或扩展
在代码中您没有正确释放 (之前分配的)资源
middleware   n.[计]中间设备；中间件
The middleware might choose some other node for the next run.
下次运行的时候,中间件可以选择某个其他的节点
prefs() function which is an alias to the print_live_refs() function
pref() 是 print_live_refs() 功能的引用
alia    其它的； 与 ... 相关之物
alias   n.别名；化名adv.又被称为；另外地
The name is not an official host name or alias.  该名称不是正式的主机名或别名
toggle     n.触发器；套索钉；棒形纽扣vt.系纽扣；提供索钉；转换vi.开开关
You use the first parameter to toggle best-fit mapping on and off.
可以使用第一个参数打开或关闭最佳映射
toggle switch  拨动开关   toggle grid   [计] 网格线开关   toggle frequency反复频率
toggle speed  反复速度,启动速度
pycharm words to upper Toggling between upper and lower cases
On the main menu, choose Edit | Toggle Case, or press Ctrl+Shift+U
# Create a fleet of 5 rockets, and store them in a list.
my_rockets = [Rocket() for x in range(0,5)]
fleet     n.舰队；船队；机群adj.快速的；敏捷的；短暂的
			vt.使（时间）飞逝vi.疾飞；掠过；逐渐消失
The general ordered the fleet to remain where they were and wait for the further instructions.
将军命令舰队原地待命
That is a fleet horse.   那是一匹快马
combined fleet联合舰队   commercial fleets商船队
air fleet    航空队,机群     a fleet of clouds成堆的云朵   a fleet of ships船队
pet     n.宠物；受宠的人  adj.宠爱的  v.爱抚；亲抚
My daughter keeps a rabbit as pet.
我的女儿养了一只兔子当做宠物
cater to pet  满足爱畜的需要    indoor pet室内喂养的爱畜 make a pet of sb宠爱某人  
teacher's pet老师的得意门生   pet dog爱犬           heavy pet热烈亲吻和爱抚
Sometimes just defining a single class (like Pet) is not enough. 
For example, some pets are dogs and most dogs like to chase cats
chase      vt.追捕；追求；镂刻，雕刻；试图赢得  vi.奔跑；追赶  n.追捕；争取；狩猎
He chased (after) the burglar but couldn't catch him.  他追赶窃贼却未捉住。
Why do modern people chase material possessions?   为什么现在的人们追求物质财富
chase books  找书  chase rabbit 追野兔   chase for vanity 追求虚荣
inhere     v.固有；生来即存在（于）；本质上即属（于）
inherent   adj.固有的；内在的
She has an inherent love of beauty.  她天生爱美
inherent contradictions  内在矛盾  inherent laziness天生的懒惰
inherit     v.继承；遗传
The eldest son will inherit the title.  长子将继承爵位
inherit a fortune  继承财产   inherit one's father(子)承父业    inherit legally合法继承
inheritance    n.遗传；遗产；继承；继承物
mister_pet = Pet("Mister", "Dog")
mister     n.先生   v.称…先生
The meeting was led by Mister Johnson. 这个会议由约翰逊先生主持
Don't mister me. 不要叫我先生
In contrast, if you stick solely with ndarrays(np.array compared to np.mat), then you can do everything matrix objects can do
sole      adj. 独占的；唯一的  n.脚底；鞋底  n.鳎鱼  vt.给(鞋)换底
He has the sole agency for Ford car.       他有福特汽车的独家代理权
His sole motive is to make more money. 他唯一的动机就是多赚钱
He has pain on the sole of his feet.  他脚底很痛
sole agent〔right of sell〕独家代理商〔经销权〕
sole cause〔heir, reason〕唯一原因〔继承人,理由〕
solely     adv.独自地；单独地；完全
He often went out solely at night.他晚上经常独自外出
You are solely responsible for the job.这件工作由你单独负责
In the context of web scraping, XPath is a nice tool to have in your belt, 
as it allows you to write specifications of document locations more flexibly than CSS selectors
belt     n.腰带；带状物；地带；皮带vt.用皮带抽打；用带系上；用带标示vi.疾驰；大声歌唱
fasten a belt束紧皮带,系上皮带    green belt绿化带rich belt肥沃地带 
below the belt不公正的; 伤人的under one's belt在腹中,在以往的经历中
No more perpetual licensing for Jetbrains products?
perpetual     adj.永久的；永恒的；一再往复的
perpetual motion[物]永恒运动perpetual calendar万年历
perpetual loan永久贷款perpetual lease永租权
permanent，eternal，perpetual，everlasting，endless这些形容词均有“持久的、永久的”之意。
permanent指总是处于相同的情况和地位，可长期持续下去，永久不变。
eternal语体较庄重，侧重指永远存在，无始无终。
perpetual语气最强，指保持永久不变，没有中断的行为，永无止境地持续下去，有时用于贬义，指令人厌烦之事。
endless系日常用词，指无尽无休。
perpetuate   vt.使永存；使不朽
They decided to perpetuate the memory of their leader by erecting a statue.
他们为永远纪念那位领袖决定建一座雕像
self-perpetuating能使自身永久存在的
This example demonstrates how to return Deferred from process_item() method.
defer      v.推迟；延期；使延期入伍v.顺从；把…委托给他人
They cannot defer their departure any longer.他们再不能推迟动身了
We should defer to our parents' wishes.我们应当顺从父母的意愿
The actual freelance project required the script to follow the pagination links and 
scrape each page using the CrawlSpider (docs), which is super easy to implement.
freelance  adj.自由择业的；兼职的v.兼做n.自由职业者
He set himself up as a freelance engineer.
他开始从事自由职业工程师的工作
pagination     n.分页；标注页码       paging    n.分页；传呼；页面调度
Please follow the installation guide to setup MongoDB Enterprise.
enterprise     n.企业；事业；进取心；谋划
This enterprise is now on a firm footing and should soon get profits.
现在这家企业基础稳固，很快就会赢利
build an enterprise创办一个企业government〔state〕 enterprise国有企业
public utility enterprise公用事业a man of enterprise有进取心的人
Rationale for setting names
rationale     n.基本原理；基础理论
rational    adj.合理的；理性的；能推理的n.有理数
Your choice was perfectly rational under the circumstances.   在那种情况下,你的选择是相当合理的
A rational number can be expressed as a ratio of two integers.
有理数可以被整数整除
rationalize   vt.使合理化；合理地说明；[数]给…消根
We need to rationalize work processes and cut costs.
我们需要把工艺流程合理化以便削减开支
rationalism       n.理性主义；唯理论
rationalist      n.纯理论者；理性主义者
Local mode
In order to let your application support local mode, just add code to the entrance as below.
entrance     n.入口；进入；登场；进入权vt.使入迷；使狂喜
block up the entrance  堵塞入口   effect one's entrance into进入  back entrance后门
entrance examination  入学考试
Very elucidative text.Easy to follow even for no technical people.
elucidate     v.阐明；说明
Please elucidate the reasons for your action.
请说明你采取行动的理由
I have recently been learning Python and am dipping my hand into building a web-scraper.
dip      v.浸；蘸；下沉；倾斜；掏取；浏览
		  n.浸泡；浸；蘸；倾斜；下降
dip into  将…浸在…中		  
dip a pen  沾钢笔   dip one's head 低头		  
On a hot day a dip in the sea is sheer paradise.
热天洗个海水澡是十分令人惬意的事
I'm hitting a massive hurdle over one issue
hurdle      n.栏干；障碍[计算机] 障碍.vt.跨越某物
I defy you to jump that high hurdle.
我倒要看看你能不能跳过那高栏
You have to hurdle to London and get the intelligence back.
你得克服困难到达伦敦把那份情报取回来
hurdle runner跨栏运动员
in-house      adj.（机构）内部的adv.（机构）内部地
A lot of companies do in-house training  很多公司有机构内部培训
precedence      n.优先；居先
precedent     n.先例；惯例adj.先前的；在先的
set〔create〕 a precedent  开先例
My decision does not constitute a precedent.我的决定下不为例
National defense must take precedence over all other questions. 国防应优先考虑
have precedence over 优先于(优越于)  precedence parser优先分析程序
Our Heroic Support team is available 24 hours per day.
heroic    adj.英雄的；英勇的；巨大的
lambda   n.希腊字母的第11个
lambda expression  拉姆达表达式   lambda notation  λ标记
How do I regex search for weird non-ASCII characters in Python?
weird    adj.离奇的；古怪的；怪异的n.命运；预言者
dree one's weird认命,听天由命
dree     v.忍；耐
epoch     n.时期； 时代； 新纪元； 划时代的大事； <地质>世
The Revolution had many of these men, proportioned to the epoch.
革命时期有过许多那样的人，都和那时代相称
begin〔make〕 a new epoch  开创新纪元  end an epoch 结束一个时代
ancient epochs   远古时代     an epoch in the history  历史上的一个时期
python - shuffle vs permute numpy
permute     v.改序；[数]排列
numpy.random.shuffle(x)   Modify a sequence in-place by shuffling its contents.
in-place  原状
permutation    n.交换；排列
random permutation  随机排列  odd permutation奇排列,奇置换
I agree with this 100% - but the fad towards strict agile practices where everybody 
has to be in the same open-plan office (whether a misinterpretation or not, 
this is how most people think it's supposed to go) 
are making it even harder these days to remotely work than it used to be.
fad    n.时尚；一时流行的狂热
Direct investment can become a fad just like any other activity of an economic, social, or cultural character.
就象经济，社会或文化性质的任何其他活动一样，直接投资也可成为一种一朝风行的时尚
agile      adj.（动作）敏捷的；灵活的；（头脑）机灵的
frequency agile radar  频率捷变雷达
I know I'll have 2 extra hours (no commute) and be able to focus and concentrate better.
commute      v.通勤；折换；减刑；改变；交换n.乘车上下班
Mary used to commute five miles from her home in the suburb.
玛丽过去每天从郊区的家里走五英里来上班
commute between〔from〕 通勤于…之间   commute into以…变成…
You don’t lose people to silly things like their significant other going to medical school.
silly      adj.愚蠢的；琐屑的；可笑的；犯晕的n.（通常指小孩子）淘气鬼；傻孩子
Don't get upset over silly things that people say.
不要在意人们的闲言碎语
The silly ending robs the plot of any credibility.
这愚蠢的结尾使得整个情节变得一点都不可信
silly little boy  傻小子  silly to say that那样说真蠢
rob  v.抢劫；掠夺
Not only do they rob you, they smash everything too.
他们不仅抢夺你的财物，还要把每样东西都捣毁
smash      v.打碎；粉碎；猛撞  n.破碎；撞击；轰动的演出；[网球]高压扣球 adj.极为成功的
hear a smash听到猛烈的撞击声  smash terrifically 可怕地重击
medical    adj.医疗的；医学的；医药的；内科的
medical attendants医护人员medical certificate健康证明书
fool    n.傻瓜；小丑；奶油果蓉v.愚弄；欺骗；开玩笑；干蠢事；玩弄；鬼混
I am a fool to have refused the job.  我真傻,拒绝了那项工作
Do not let him fool you with nonsense like that.  别让他用那种胡说八道来愚弄你
laugh at a fool  嘲笑傻子  complete fool  十足的大傻瓜
introvert     n.个性内向者vt.使 ... 内向
Do you think you are an extrovert or an introvert?
你认为你是个性外向的人还是个性内向的人
introverted(性格)内向的
Some people thrive when working from home, while others wither or just... drift. 
drift   vi.漂流；漂移；吹积；漂泊；偏离vt.使漂流；使堆积n.漂流；趋势；漂泊
The boat drifted down the river. 船顺水漂流而下
drift aimlessly〔casually〕漫无目的地漂流catch〔get, understand〕 drift明白要旨
cultural drift    文化倾向    the general drift  大的趋势  cloud drift浮云
thrive     vi.兴旺；繁荣；茁壮成长
A business cannot thrive without good management.
没有良好的经营管理，事业就不会兴旺发达
thrive exceedingly  非常兴隆
they must be self-motivating and proactive: self-motivating in finding things to do,  
proactive in communicating with the rest of the team.
proactive     adj.先发制人的；积极的〈心理〉前摄的.〈自控〉有前瞻性的；先行一步的.
proactive management前摄管理
We like opinionated people. Opinionated people find things they care 
about to work on and make sure you know what they think
opinionate     vt.认为vi.持某种观点；偏执于  opinionated   adj.固执己见的
February    n.二月
premium     n.额外费用；奖金；保险费n.(商)溢价adj.高价的；优质的
Who will pay the premium for the risk of breakage?   加保破碎险的费用由谁负担?
premium pay  加班费    premium returns额外利润 
Premium Bond  政府有奖债券  insurance premium 保险费
enumerate      vt.数；列举；枚举
Can you enumerate the capitals of the50 states?   你能把五十州的首府列举出来吗？
We are a performance-based company that offers career advancement 
and lucrative compensation, including bonuses and stock potential.
lucrative     adj.合算的；获利的
There is a lucrative black market in car fittings.  有一个能赚钱的汽车配件黑市
lucrative investment  有利的投资
We also offer what we call the “Booking Deal” with other competitive perks and benefits.
perk      v.（使）振作；打扮；竖起vi.滤煮n.额外津贴；特权；利益
No one can help him perk after his wife was died.  他的妻子死后，没有人可以使他振作起来
He was offered a company car as a perk. 他得到了一辆公司的汽车作为特殊待遇
perk up  昂首翘尾
IT has monthly hackathons, trainings and attends/speaks at global conferences.
hackathon       n.编程马拉松；黑客马拉松        marathon       n.马拉松；耐力比赛
He can hardly run a mile, much less the marathon.   他连一哩都跑不了，更不用说马拉松了
marathon race   马拉松长跑      marathon swimming马拉松式的游泳,超长距离游泳
This position is open to worldwide candidates and in the case of relocation, we will assist you with a generous relocation package, 
ensuring a smooth transition to working and living in Amsterdam.
relocation     n.再定位；重新配置；重新安置
dynamic relocation  动态再定位   memory relocation  存储器的重新分配  program relocation程序浮动,程序再定位
relocate       v.重新装置；再配置；放在新地方
The board decide to relocate the company in scotland.   董事会决定将公司迁至英格兰
program relocate   程序浮动,程序再定位
We have successfully relocated 200+ IT professionals to Amsterdam in the last year!
A metaclass is the class of a class. Like a class defines how an instance of the class behaves, 
a metaclass defines how a class behaves. A class is an instance of a metaclass.
metaclass     n.[计] 元类
meta      pref.在 ... 之后； 变换； 超越；【计】元，meta语言； 介于 ... 之间
You can also define custom meta variables.   您还可以定义自定义元变量
The subprocess module allows you to spawn new processes, connect to their input/output/error pipes, and obtain their return codes.
spawn    n.卵；产物；后代；结果vt.产卵；种菌丝于；产生；造成vi.产卵；大量生产
I found a mass of spawn in the fish before cooking.
烧鱼前，我发现鱼里有很多鱼籽
The computer industry has spawned a lot of new companies.
由于电脑工业的发展，许多新公司纷纷成立
subprocess.call("exit 1", shell=True)
Using shell=True can be a security hazard.
hazard    n.危险；冒险；危害vt.冒险；赌运气
He had put his own life in hazard. 他是在拿自己的生命来冒险。
He hazarded all his money in the attempt to save the business.
他为挽救这家企业，不惜冒险投入他的全部金钱
hazard a guess冒险地提出一种猜测
hazard all one's savings in an investment用全部积蓄冒险投资
hazard one's life on rock-climbing冒生命危险爬岩壁
signature     n.签署；书帖；有特征的符号；【计】签名
signature file  签名文件  digital signature数字签字,数字签名  signature analysis信号特征分析
portability     n.可移植性；可携带；轻便
The software is scalability, portability, and easy to upgrade.
该软件具有可扩展性、可移植性，容易升级。
portability of operating system
[计] 操作系统可移植性
portable     adj.轻便的；手提式的；[计]可移植的n.便携的东西
The portable device easily knocks down.  这种轻便装置容易拆卸
portable computer手提式计算机portable battery便携电池
Portability is important, in that I'd like this to run on any Python version on Mac, Linux and Windows.
The etymology of join() is that it's the opposite of fork
etymology   n.语源；词源学
daemon       n.半神半人的精灵；守护神；恶魔；[计]守护进程
How do I get my program to act like a daemon?
我怎样使我的程序作为守护程序运行?
. Daemon threads can still execute after the Python runtime starts tearing down things in the main thread, 
causing some pretty bizarre exceptions.
bizarre    adj.奇异的；怪诞的
The building was of bizarre construction.  这建筑构造奇异
bizarre behaviour  古怪的行为  bizarre clothing奇装异服
abruptly     adv.突然地；莽撞地；陡峭地；不连贯地
An ordinary man suddenly fell under suspicion, and just as abruptly cleared again.
一个普通人突然遭到怀疑，而又同样突然地再次变得清白无辜
abrupt    adj.突然的；唐突的；意外的；陡峭的
The river takes an abrupt bend to the west.
这河突然向西转弯。
abrupt answer  唐突的回答   abrupt bend急转弯
I want to eliminate all the whitespace from a string  str.strip()
whitespace   空白
Re-entrant Locks
Normal Lock objects cannot be acquired more than once, even by the same thread. 
entrant     n.(参加比赛的)竞赛者；新就业者；新成员
entrant firm  新开商号,新公司
This can introduce undesirable side-effects if a lock is accessed by more than one function in the same call chain.
side-effects  副作用
semaphore    n.信号灯；旗语v.发出信号或旗语
Display elapsed time of processes
The elapsed time indicates, how long the process has been running for.
elapse     v.逝去；过去n.（光阴）逝去
I'm using Python 2 to parse JSON from (ASCII encoded) text files. When loading these files with either json or  simplejson, 
all my string values are cast to Unicode objects instead of string objects.
How to get string objects instead of Unicode ones from JSON in Python?
malware    n.恶意软件
For example, a trojan horse or a virus is considered malware.
例如，一个木马或病毒被认为是恶意软件。
OpenFace: an open source facial behavior analysis toolkit
facial    adj.脸部的；面部的n.美容
toolkit   n.工具包
gaze     vi.凝视n.凝视
Your intent gaze made her uncomfortable.
你的注目凝视使她感到不自在
gaze far  看得远  gaze skyward凝视着天空
admiring gaze  赞赏的目光  critical gaze批判的眼光
intent      adj.热切的；专心的；决心的n.意图；目的；意向；含义
He's intent on going to Australia. 他热切希望到澳大利亚去。
He's intent on moneymaking.    他一心一意地赚钱
malicious intent  恶意  deeply intent专心…
audit      n.审计；查帐vt.旁听；审计
They work non-stop to finish the audit on time.  他们不停地工作以按期完成审计工作
He will audit three courses next semester.  下个学期他将旁听三门课程
carry out an annual audit  实施一年一度的审计
audit of financial statement  财务报表的审查
audit_reason char(10) DEFAULT NULL COMMENT '违规原因',
trunk     n.树干；(汽车后部)行李箱；大箱子；象鼻；躯干(复)trunks: 男用运动裤
The branch has separated from the trunk of the tree.
这个树枝已从树干上脱落了
trunk call长途电话trunk line干线tree trunk树干
annual    adj.每年的；年度的；一年生的n.年刊；一年生植物
Now, again, his annual trip to Paris begins.
现在,他一年一度的巴黎之行又开始了
Sometimes because of an attack or prank, and others so that you can 
simply and freely control access to websites and network traffic.
prank   n.开玩笑；恶作剧；戏谑v.盛装；装饰；打扮
online prank  【电脑】网路恶作剧
hosts files would be massive documents used to aide the network name resolution.
aide     n.助手；副官；侍从武官
Miss Perkins is an aide to the vice president.
柏金斯小姐是副总经理的助手
White House aide  白宫助理   school aide  教学辅助人员
artifact   n.人工制品；典型产物；【医】非源自脑中的电波，伪差，假象，人为现象 
A user interface is an artifact, not directly associated with the goals of a user.
用户界面是人造的，并非直接和用户的目标相关
artifact pollution  人为污染
Artifact 是maven中的一个概念，表示某个module要如何打包，例如war exploded、war、jar、ear等等这种打包形式
Facets 表示这个module有什么特征，比如 Web，Spring和Hibernate等
facet     n.小平面；方面；刻面
He has perfected himself in every facet of his job.
他已使自己对工作的各个方面都得心应手
servlet     n.小服务程序
betray     vt.背叛；出卖；泄露；显露
He promised never to betray the organization.
他发誓永不背叛组织
session    n.会议；会期；开庭期；学期；一段时间
cookie  n.饼干；<俚>家伙
This cookie is neither sweet nor soft.这块饼干既不甜也不软
session hijacking会话劫持session service对话服务multiple session多重会话
Sessions are implemented as as non-sticky--that is, each request is able to go to any server in the cluster
(unlike the Apache provided Tomcat clustering setup.)
sticky   adj.粘的；闷热的；困难的；令人不满意的
I am uncomfortable because my body is sticky.  我身上粘粘的，很不舒服
sticky region  粘性区
sticky limit  粘着度,粘着限  have sticky fingers  是小偷(有偷盗习惯)


====================================
1~7（上部分3-11已经打印）
I was reading about the getattr() function. The problem is that I still can't grasp the idea
Maybe this is me being a noob in programming
noob   n.新手，菜鸟  =newbie
java invoke method by string name
Python is both practical and beautiful programming language with huge ecosystem so you can find a library for anything.
ecosystem   n.生态系统
artificial ecosystem 人工生态系统     forest ecosystem森林生态系统
ecological     adj.生态的；生态学的
Thanks to ecological devastation, the wilderness is shrinking.
由于生态的毁坏，荒野正在日益缩小
ecological balance   生态平衡   ecological factor生态因素   ecological distribution生态分布
ecology    n.生态学；生态
Django ORM has the least ceremony and more productive
ceremony      n.仪式；礼节；典礼
They hold a mystic religious ceremony.   他们举行了一个神秘的宗教仪式
attend a ceremony  出席仪式   closing ceremony闭幕式
speech at the ceremony 仪式上的发言
Minutiae
Normally, most people would not care about the following distinctions and probably want to stop reading here.
Minutiae    n.细枝末节   Minutia     n.微枝末节；细节  【近义词】detail琐事，细节
coroutine    [计算机] 协同程序
a ? b:c ternary operator
ternary    adj.由三部分组成的；三重的；第三的；[数]三进制的
ternary notation  三进制  ternary addition  三进制加法
Conditional expressions (sometimes called a “ternary operator”) have the lowest priority of all Python operations.
The expression x if C else y first evaluates the condition, C (not x); if C is true, x is evaluated and its value is returned; otherwise, y is evaluated and its value is returned.
Why is Spring crappy exactly?
crappy    adj.<俚>蹩脚的；没价值的；讨厌的
However, no language is immune from large stack traces.
immune    adj.免疫的；免除的
This patient's immune system has been destroyed.
这位病人的免疫系统受到了破坏。
be immune from  免受…影响  be immune to 对…有免疫力
What are differences between Index v.s. Key in MySQL
KEY is normally a synonym for INDEX.
synonym     n.近义词       synonymous   adj.同义的；暗示的
Wealth is not necessarily synonymous with generous.
富有与慷慨不一定同义。
iBATIS for Python?  I'm looking for a Python analogue to this library
@Autowired(required = false)
wired   adj.有线的；供以电线的；以铁丝围起的；十分兴奋的动词wire的过去式和过去分词形式.
Wired broadcasting, communicates the infinite world!有线广播，沟通无限世界
hard-wired  [计算机]硬接线的  wired system有线系统  wired telecommunication有线通信
wired program  插接程序
wire    n.金属丝；电线；电报
		 vt.发电报；装电线；(通过电线)接通；用金属丝把...连一起；电汇
The rope was not strong enough, so we used wire.
这根绳子不够结实，所以我们用金属线
The full CGI protocol is much richer than this,which is once again becoming rather tangled
tangle  n.缠结；混乱；纠纷vt.使缠结；使混乱；使陷入
			vi.纠缠；乱作一团；<口>吵架；争论
The wind tangled her hair.  风吹乱了她的头发
tangle designedly  设计混乱  tangle in卷入  tangle in a quarrel卷入一场争吵
coalesce      v.合并；联合；接合
The views of party leaders coalesced to form a coherent policy.
党的领导人的各种观点已统一为一致的政策。
round  v.使成为整数;绕行；弄圆；    
		adj.圆的；球形的；丰满的；完整的；整数的；不确切的；大量的；坦率的；严厉粗暴的
		adv.环绕地；周长；调转方向；依次；到某处
		prep.围绕；在另一侧；四处
		n.一局(轮)；常规活动；巡视；圆形物；(由一人给大家买的)一巡饮料；一整片面包；一阵(掌声)；一发(子弹)
		
select round(3.14),round(3.54);
>>3, 4
explicit    adj.明确的；清晰的；清楚的；露骨的
alter   v.改变；更改；阉割；切除卵巢
But nothing can alter the facts.  但任何东西也改变不了这些事实
alter for the worse  改坏,变坏  alter automatically自动改变
it means a total salary of 40.000 - 60.000 Euro per year.
euro    n.欧元（符号€）adj.【大写】欧洲的，欧盟的
Their value against the euro is irrevocably fixed.
这些货币与欧元的汇率已被固定下来，且不可撤消。
The euro hit a record low in trading today.
在今天的交易中，欧元降到了历史最低水平
forum      n.讨论会；论坛
What is Akka?->resilient elastic distributed real-time transaction processing
For fault-tolerance we adopt the "let it crash" model which the telecom industry 
has used with great success to build applications that self-heal and systems that never stop. 
heal     vt.治愈；使恢复健康；使和解vi.痊愈
The medicine and rest will soon heal your wound.
药物治疗和休息会使你的伤口很快愈合。
heal up完全治愈self-heal[植]自体愈合植物
telecom     abbr.电信(=telecommunication)
Each actor has a mailbox which is both a queue and a traffic cop.  
Messages are sent by other actors, 
and can accumulate in the queue, but exactly one message can enter an actor's logic block.
cop     n.纺锤状线团、管纱；警察
		  vt.抓住、发现（某人）在干坏事；获得（某事物）、遭受；握住（某物）
That crazy driver was pulled over by a cop.
那个疯狂的司机被警察拽到了一边
He was copped for speeding.他因超速行车被捕
cop out逃避（责任）cop shop【口】警察所not much cop没有什么价值
traffic    n.（人或车等）交通流量；不正当生意（走私）v.做生意（多指违法的）；游览
Traffic reaches a peak between 8 and 9 in the morning.
早晨八九点钟是交通的高峰时刻。
His left knee was hurt in a traffic accident.
他的左膝在一次交通事故中受伤了
block traffic  阻塞交通   direct traffic  指挥交通
heavy traffic交通拥挤traffic accident交通事故
traffic cop    n.<美口>交通警察
Akka is a toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and fault tolerant event-driven applications on the JVM.
Build powerful concurrent & distributed applications more easily.
Akka是一个开发库和运行环境，可以用于构建高并发、分布式、可容错、事件驱动的基于JVM的应用。使构建高并发的分布式应用更加容易。
Camgirl is a girl or young woman who broadcasts live pictures of herself over the web.
网络女主播指的是在网上做视频直播的女孩儿或者年轻女性。
In the past couple of years there has been an online explosion in the number of personal Webcam sites.
过去一些年，个人视频网站呈爆炸式增长
More people are choosing to live in front of a camera, hooked up to the Internet via a high-speed connection.
更多的人选择以视频直播为业，通过高速互联网进行视频直播
Most are girls and young women broadcasting from the most private spaces of their bedrooms, bathrooms and living rooms
其中大多数主播是女孩儿或者年轻女性，直播地点不乏最私密的空间，比如卧室，浴室和起居室
These “Camgirls” rule the world of amateur Web sites, attracting thousands of hits daily. 
Some have become self-made celebrities
amateur    n.外行；业余爱好者adj.业余（爱好者）的
You're a professional, but I am an amateur.
你是专业的,而我是业余的。
He is an amateur photographer.他是个业余摄影爱好者
amateurish    adj.业余的；不熟练的    【近义词】unskilled不熟练的untrained未受过训练的
celebrate     v.庆祝；庆贺；颂扬
People in the city held a great party to celebrate their victory.
本市的市民举行了盛大的晚会庆祝他们的胜利
celebrity      n.名人；名誉；社会名流
He was voted the worst dressed celebrity.  大家一致认为他是衣着最差的名人
celebrated     adj.著名的；声誉卓著的
celebration    n.典礼；宗教仪式；庆祝，祝贺
The hotel had a grand celebration for its opening.  该饭店办了一个盛大的开幕典礼
这些网络女主播遍布在业余网站，每天吸引数千点击量，很多已经从草根变为明星。
文中的camgirl就是“网络女主播”的意思，这个词语是由camera（照相机；摄像机）和girl（女孩）构成；
在英文里可以用live broadcast来表示“直播”，
如：She was watching the live broadcast of the Academy Awards ceremony.
她正在看奥斯卡奖项的现场直播
online live show platform
robot    n.机器人；机械呆板的人；自动机；（非洲南部）自动交通信号灯
It also provides a Python-object-based query language that makes SQL more abstract, thus providing database agnosticity for applications.
agnostic   n.不可知论者adj.不可知论的；不可知论者的
Similar to SQLAlchemy, Storm's Store object acts as a surrogate to the backend database, where all the operations are cached in-memory and committed into the database once the method commit is called on the store.
surrogate    n.代理人；代用品；代孕者adj.替代的
I do not know if your company has surrogate in our country.
我不知道贵公司在我国是否有代理
She saw him as a sort of surrogate father.
在她心目中，他仿佛是能替代父亲角色的人。
surrogate mother  替身母亲  surrogate parent 代父母  surrogate births 代理怀孕
JetBrains is a leading software development firm specializing in the creation of intelligent, productivity-enhancing software technology. 
Vagrant is a handy tool natively integrated in PyCharm designed to help you create reproducible development environments. 
vagrant     n.流浪汉；漂泊者；无赖adj.流浪的；漂泊的；游荡的
You shall be a vagrant and a wanderer on earth.
你终会沦为一个流浪汉,到处漂泊。
After leading a vagrant life, he was too glad to get back to his home town.
经过一段漂泊的生活,他巴不得回到家乡。
SqlAlchemy is an object-relational mapper (ORM), which means that it takes SQL constructs and makes them more like the target language. 
alchemy      n.炼金术；魔力
dual     adj.双重的；成双的n.双数
She has dual nationality.  她有双重国籍
duality     n.两重性；二元性
amend commit   amend    vt.修正；改进
They decided to amend the bill.  他们决定修正这条议案
amend a document  修正文件  amend an error  纠错
validate      vt.使生效；证实；确认；验证
The ticket has to be stamped by the airline to validate it.
须经航空公司盖章，该机票才能生效
stamp     n.邮票；图章；印；跺脚v.跺脚；盖章
My husband is a stamp collector.  我丈夫是个集邮者
She stamped on the insect and killed it.她踩死了一只虫子。
buy a stamp  买邮票  airmail stamp 航空邮票
food stamp   美国联邦政府发给贫民的粮票
diagonal matrix   对角矩阵
The square matrix is called a diagonal matrix.
该方矩阵称为对角矩阵。
even      adj.平坦的；平和的；偶数的；相等的 
			adv.甚至；正当；更；恰好v.使平坦；相等
even number    偶数
stash      vt.隐藏；储藏n.隐藏地点；隐藏物
github stash changes
Select the option to stash the password to a file.
选择将密码隐藏在在文件中的选项。
concise    adj.简明的；简要的
His article is concise and comprehensive.
他的文章言简意赅。
Why it is compulsory to give classname while using super() in Python
compulsory     adj.强制的；势在必行的；义务的
compulsory execution  强制执行
markdown    n.标价商品价格；减价
Where does MySQL store database files on Windows and what is the name of the files
So I accidentally formatted my hard drive and re installed windows and 
forgot to backup an important database I had in my mySQL server.
I'm trying to salvage files 
salvage     vt.救助；打捞；抢救n.海上救助；打捞；抢救
Salvage of the wreck is made difficult by bad weather.
船遇难後因天气恶劣救援工作十分困难。
They are trying to salvage the wrecked ship.
他们努力抢救遇难的船只。
salvage department  废料利用车间,废物利用部门   salvage service[法] 救助机构
salvage money  救难费   salvage agreement  救助协议
mysql limit range  how to modify the LIMIT, or maybe is there another syntax to query the 10th rank until the 20th rank?
This is really basic stuff. You should use:
SELECT name FROM mydb ORDER BY score DESC LIMIT 10,10;
stuff     n.东西；原料；材料
		    n.素质；本质；废物；无用的想法；废话，蠢话vt.塞满；填满
I've got quite a lot of stuff to read. 我有许多东西要读。
The young man has good stuff in him. 那个年轻人素质很好。
He stuffed the suitcase with his clothes.  他把衣服塞满手提箱。
classify stuff  把材料分类  bad stuff劣质货  stuff the job 处理工作
stuff a pillow  填充枕头  stuff up塞住   stuff up a hole 填洞   stuff into 把…装〔塞〕入
Lines have many attributes that you can set: linewidth, dash style, antialiased, etc; see matplotlib.lines.Line2D
曲线有许多我们可以设置的性质：曲线的宽度，虚线的风格，抗锯齿等等 
aliasing    n.图形失真；声音失真
aliasing distortion  混淆失真,折叠失真
aliasing effect  混叠效应  aliasing modulation  混叠调制
Atom is "a hackable text editor for the 21st Century," with a vibrant community, built-in package manager, integrated Markdown previewer, and more.
vibrant      adj.震颤的；响亮的；充满活力的；精力充沛的；(色彩)鲜明的
His vibrant voice commove the air.  他响亮的声音振动了空气
messy code    乱码
More informally, it was what's often called messy code.
说得更明白一些，它就是我们通常所说的乱糟糟的代码
malformed     adj.难看的；畸形的
response.body returns malformed html
spark     vi.闪烁；冒火花；热情回应vt.激发；引起；向...求爱n.火星；朝气；情人；俗丽的年轻人
A tiny star can spark in the darkness. 小星星也会在黑暗中发光
You can spark the spirit of enterprise. 你们可以激发事业上的进取心
A cigarette spark started the fire.  香烟的火星引起这场火灾
emit a spark  冒出火星  throw off sparks  火星四迸
a spark of life 生命的火花  electric spark电火花
park    n.停车场；公园；园区；(球类)运动场v.停车；停放；置于
Not all module developers have access to a multitude of platforms, so it’s not always feasible to expect them to create a multitude of built distributions.
multitude     n.大量；多数；群众
A multitude of heroic figures emerge.  大量英雄人物出现了
abstract    adj.抽象的；理论的；抽象派的  n. 摘要；抽象派艺术作品
			  v.把…抽象出；提取；抽取；转移(注意力等)；做…的摘要；<婉>偷
He has some abstract notion of wanting to change the world.
他有一种要改造世界的空想
The whole text of the abstract shall contain not more than 300 Chinese characters.
摘要文字部分不得超过300个字
She abstracted the main points from the argument.  她把论据概括成要点
subtract   vt.减去vi.减少
march    n.行军；行进；游行示威；稳步前进；进行曲
		    v.行进；前进；进发；使同行；游行示威
March   n.三月
Not a single man fell out in the long march.
在长途行军中没有一个人掉队
The shower being over, we continued to march.
阵雨过去之后我们继续行进
This term will begin on March 1st.  这个学期三月一日开始
march the army to  指挥军队向…行进  march the thirty miles  行军30英里
march hand in hand  手挽手前进   march against the enemy向敌人进军
April    n.四月   April is the time to plant trees.  四月是种树的时候
numpy.argsort(a, axis=-1, kind='quicksort', order=None)[source]
order : str or list of str, optional
A single field can be specified as a string, and not all fields need be specified, 
but unspecified fields will still be used, in the order in which they come up in the dtype, to break ties.
break tie      打破平局
evenly-spaced numbers(0.2,  1.0 ,  1.5)   evenly    adv.平衡地；平坦地；平等地
Generate a 2 x 4 array of ints between 0 and 4, inclusive:
inclusive   adj.包含 ... 在内的；包罗广泛的；包括端点的[计算机] 包括的
The monthly rent is $20 inclusive of everything.
月房租总共二十美元,包括一切费用在内。
inclusive from...to  从…到…包括在内  inclusive of   ...包括…
numpy.random.randint(low, high=None, size=None, dtype='l')
Return random integers from low (inclusive) to high (exclusive).  “half-open” interval [low, high)
Return random integers of type np.int from the “discrete uniform” distribution in the closed interval [low, high].
If high is None (the default), then results are from [1, low]. 
My love for Python is slowly coming back thanks to this article. Have a good one; big cheers, mate!
mate    n.配偶；伙伴；同事vt.使 ... 配对；使 ... 一致vi.交配
I thought she was an ideal mate.我认为她是我的理想配偶
It's high time to mate the doves.现在正是鸽子配对的好时候
Many animals mate in the spring.许多动物在春天交配
He mated words with deeds.他言行一致
abandon〔choose〕 one's mate抛弃〔选择〕配偶
look for a mate找对象faithful〔lifelong〕 mate忠实〔终身〕的伴侣
mate a donkey使驴交配the mate of〔to〕 sth与某物相配对的东西
I am new at this and trying to understand the difference between processes and threads as you alluded to
allude    v.暗示；暗指
I didn't allude to anything or anybody. 我并未影射任何人或任何事
you’ll need to invest a little more of your time in reading the following sections
If you’re ready for that, grab some of your favourite beverage and carry on.
beverage     n.饮料
What beverage would you like?  你想喝什么饮料
alcoholic beverage  酒精饮料  carbonated beverage  碳酸饮料
The module implements three types of queue, which differ only in the order in which the entries are retrieved. 
In a FIFO queue, the first tasks added are the first retrieved.
retrieve     vt.恢复；挽回；取回vi.找回猎物n.恢复；取回；救出险球
The company is fighting to retrieve its market share.
这个公司正在为恢复其市场份额(占有率)而奋斗
The dog is trained to retrieve. 这狗受过训能找到并带回猎物
beyond retrieve  不可恢复(不可挽救)  retrieve content of database恢复数据库内容
retrieve data  检索数据  past retrieve不可恢复(不可挽救)
class Queue.Queue(maxsize=0)
Insertion will block once this size has been reached, until queue items are consumed.
If maxsize is less than or equal to zero, the queue size is infinite.
Queue.put(item[, block[, timeout]])
Put item into the queue. If optional args block is true and timeout is None (the default), block if necessary until a free slot is available. 
If timeout is a positive number, it blocks at most timeout seconds and raises the Full exception if no free slot was available within that time.
slot     n.狭缝；槽；投币口；时间段；职位；（鹿的）足迹v.插入；留细长的孔；放置
A cleaner slot is already reserved.清洗器插槽已被保留
We can slot in the new entry in alphabetical order.
我们可以按照字母顺序将新词条安插进去
job slot 职位空缺
mutex must be held whenever the queue is mutating.
All methods that acquire mutex must release it before returning.
def put(self, item, block=True, timeout=None)
mutate     vi.变异；突变vt.使变异；使突变
In the Darwinian run, the body code would mutate over time.
在与达尔文主义有关的这条线中，躯体代码将随着时间的推移而变异
start calls the internal run() method to kick off the thread worker.start() 
kick    v.踢；反冲n.踢；反冲；后座力
That horse kicked me.  那匹马踢了我
kick a goal 踢进一球  kick badly  后坐力很厉害
kick against the cruel treatment 反抗虐待  give sb a kick踢某人一脚 free kick任意球
you’ll need to maintain a Queue through which you can pipe objects
and to top if all off, you’ll need methods on both ends of the pipe in order to do the actual work
likely involving another queue if you want to communicate two ways or store results
pipe    n.管子；烟斗；管乐器
          vt.以管输送；装管道；吹奏；尖声说；(为衣服等)滚边vi.吹奏管乐；尖叫
It’s a very common scenario in which you spread the task of retrieving web pages across multiple threads.
scenario     n.剧本；情节梗概
you need a boiler-plate class in order to do anything useful. 
boiler-plate     adj.公式化的; 陈腐的
boiler    n.锅炉；汽锅；热水器
I happened to meet him in the boiler room. 我碰巧在锅炉房碰到他
boil    v.沸腾；煮沸；激动n.煮沸；翻滚；疖
A whole lotta nothin
lotta   n.   <口>许多=a lot of
Just about everything in the above code is pure plumbing
plumb     v.（用铅垂）测量；探测n.铅锤；垂直adj.垂直的；<口>完全的adv.恰恰；<口>彻底地
The plumB line is always perpendicular to the horizontal plane.
铅垂线总是垂直于水平面的
plumb rule  锤规  plumb bob铅锤  plumb line铅垂线
Public Key  公钥    Private Key  私钥
"数字签名" digital signature    "数字证书"（digital certificate）
signature     n.签署；书帖；有特征的符号；【计】签名
He traced his signature laboriously. 他吃力地签上自己的名字
Her signature was an illegible scrawl.  她的签字潦草难辩
signature file   签名文件  signature analysis  信号特征分析
Doug (our disgruntled employee) wishes to deceive Pat
gruntle     vt.使高兴；
Symmetric-key algorithm   对称加密算法 

不使用SSL/TLS的HTTP通信，就是不加密的通信。所有信息明文传播，带来了三大风险。
窃听风险（eavesdropping）：第三方可以获知通信内容。
篡改风险（tampering）：第三方可以修改通信内容。
冒充风险（pretending）：第三方可以冒充他人身份参与通信。
eavesdrop    v.偷听
It is not polite to eavesdrop on the conversation of other people.
偷听他人说话是很不礼貌的
tamper     v.干预；玩弄；贿赂；篡改
By allowing the sacred mystery to unfold without trying to tamper with it, we can move through anything with much more ease and simplicity.
让恐惧的迷雾散开，不要去干预，这样的话，度过任何事情我们就能带着多的多的从容和简单
tamper with  窜改    Tamper-evident明显扯出破坏痕迹的; 显示拆封的
pretend     v.假装；装作；自以为
She pretends that she likes them so that she can get their help.
她假装很喜欢他们，借以获得他们的帮助
The young actor pretended to be Hamlet.  那个年轻演员扮演哈姆雷
pretend a headache  假装头痛  pretend deafness  装聋作哑
pretend childishly  幼稚地装作    pretend to great knowledge  自以为有知识
mime    n.哑剧；丑角；模仿vt.做哑剧表演；模仿vi.演出哑剧角色
They will perform a short mime later. 待会他们将表演一出短的哑剧
He mimed the part of a drunken man.  他以哑剧形式表演醉汉
NumPy’s broadcasting rule relaxes this constraint when the arrays’ shapes meet certain constraints.
relax    v.休息；放松；使 ... 放松；放宽
I just want to sit down and relax.我只想坐下休息会
relax one's attention  放松注意力   relax one's grip  松开手
relax beneficially   有益地放松   relax at the seashore  在海边休养
axes    n.轴；轴线；斧头名词axis和axe的复数形式.
axe     n.斧；解雇；倒闭vt.用斧砍；解雇；大量削减
The heavy axe was awkward to use.  这把重斧头不好用
School grants are to be axed next year.学校补助金明年将大大削减
axis     n.轴；中枢
A wheel revolves round/on its axis. 轮子是绕轴旋转的
X-axis  X轴    major axis  长轴   common axis 公共轴线
minor axis  短轴  pivot axis  枢轴线,旋转轴

====================================
1~8（上部分4-9已经打印）
quotation marks    n.引号
quota     n.限额；配额；定额；最低票数   output quotas  产品定额
Calculate the total Sentence Quota of the summary.
计算出摘要应包含的句子的限额
quotation    n.语录；引用；行情；引语；报价
Let us begin our discussion with a quotation.
让我们用一条语录来开始我们的讨论
The book opens with a quotation.   这本书以引语开头
closing〔opening〕 quotation   收市〔开市〕行情  nominal quotation名义牌价
black market quotations  黑市行情   the final quotations  最后的报价
the daily market quotations  每日市场行情   the exchange quotations  外汇行情
a = np.array([[1,2], [3,4]])  a.flatten()  array([1, 2, 3, 4])
flatten     vt.使变平；打倒vi.变平
The boxer was flattened with one punch. 那个拳击手被一拳击倒了
punch   vt.按(键)；以拳重击；开洞；剪票n.殴打
			n.打洞器；钻孔机n.感染力n.（酒、水、糖等制成的)鸡尾酒
If you punch in the wrong code, the alarm sounds.
如果你按错了代码,警示器就会响起来
He punched the policeman on the nose and was arrested.
他猛击那个警察的鼻子，结果被逮捕了
punch out  打卡  punch up徒手同…打斗  solid punch结实的一拳
He was totally flattened by her sarcasm.她说的挖苦话使他无地自容
The graph flattens out gradually after a steep fall. 图表上的曲线突降之後逐渐趋於平稳
flat     adj.平坦的；扁平的；单调的；断然的；[音乐]降音的；气不足的
		 adv.平直地；直截了当；低于标准音高地
		 n.<英>公寓；平面部分；[音乐]降半音；泄气轮胎v.变平；降调；住公寓
In flat open country there is plenty of grass for the cattle to feed on.
在开阔平坦的地区有大量的青草供牛群食用
She lay flat on her back in the warm sunshine. 她在温暖的阳光下平躺著
She is buying a flat close to her office.
她正在购买一套靠近她办公室的单元房
bright flat  明亮的房间   have a flat有一套房间
three-room flat  三室一套的房间  spread a map flat把地图平展开
ndarray.flatten(order='C')  Return a copy of the array collapsed into one dimension.
collapse     v.（使）倒塌；（使）崩溃；（使）瓦解；折叠n.倒塌；崩溃；暴跌
a cleaner, more documented, more canonical API
canonical     adj.依教规的；圣典的；权威的；牧师的
canonical representation  标准表示 canonical correlation 典型相关  canonical distribution正则分布
canonical mapping  标准映射  canonical transformation  正则变换   canonical coordinate  正则坐标
canonize     v.正式宣布(死者)为圣徒；赞扬
We canonize natural,comfortable and elegant life circumstance.
我们推崇的是自然、舒适、雅致的生活环境
See if there is still a large disparity between linux and windows.
disparity     n.不一致
We are still seeing a disparity between the rates of pay for men and women.
我们仍然能看到男女薪酬的不一致
disparate    adj.不同的；异类的
Chalk and cheese are disparate substances.粉笔和乳酪是完全不同的东西
disparaging    adj.蔑视的；轻视的；毁谤的
Many movies receive disparaging reviews from film experts and yet become extremely successful.
很多电影受到电影专家贬低性的评论，结果却获得很大的成功
disparage     vt.蔑视；贬损
The Arya Samaj did much to encourage Hindu nationalism, but it did not disparage the knowledge of the West, and it established many schools and colleges.
雅利安社大力地鼓励了印度的民族主义，但它并没有蔑视西方的知识，也建立了很多学校和大学
stretch     v.伸展；延伸；张开；夸大n.伸展；张开；弹性；一段时间；<俚>刑期adj.可伸缩的
Vast meadows stretch to the east.  辽阔的草场向东伸展
She stretched across the table for the butter.她探身去取放在餐桌对面的黄油
I got out of the bed and had a good stretch.我起床后舒服地伸了个懒腰
stretch oneself  伸伸懒腰  stretch a point不按规章办事,超过自己的权限,牵强附会
stretch consciously 自觉地伸展  stretch to延伸到
bound     adj.必定的；有义务的；受约束的；装订的
			 vi.跳；跳跃前进；猛涨n.跳跃；范围；界限
You are not legally bound to answer these questions.
在法律上，你没有义务非回答这些问题不可
The dog bounded down the hill.狗跳跃着朝山下跑去
With one bound, he was over the wall.他纵身一跃就跳过了墙
To compute these probabilities, the count of each n-gram would be compared against the frequency of each word.
为了计算这些概率，将比较统计n元语言模型和词频模型的效果
For instance, if the model takes bi-grams,the frequency of each bi-gram, calculated via combining a word with
its previous word
比如，如果选择2元语言模型，语义2元组的词频通过统计当前词和其前面一个词
natural language processing model that enables capturing this type
of context via learning a distributed representation of words
词汇的分布化表征捕捉上面提到的这种上下文关系
this thing exists.” It’s tragically undersold
tragical   adj.悲剧的；悲剧性的      tragic     adj.悲剧的；悲惨的
This kind of feeling especially is tragical for those who do not have a belief to rely on.
这种特别是感觉为没有信仰依靠的那些人是悲剧的
Her tragic story touched us all deeply/touched our hearts with sorrow.
她的经历很悲惨，我们都深受感动[我们都很伤心]
tragic hero  悲剧英雄；英雄好汉
undersold     v.低价出售(抛售； 售价比 ... 低)
Our goods cannot be undersold,ie Our prices are the lowest.
本公司货物价格别家无法竞争(我们的价格最低)
now with the pool objects created, and simple parallelism at our fingertips
fingertip      n.指尖；触手可及 
He has the annoying habit of drumming the table with his fingertip.
他有用手指尖敲击桌子的恼人习惯
A set of custom UI themes for Sublime Text 2/3. It's all about hype and minimal.
Comes in different flavors with accompanying Base16 color schemes.
hype    n.夸大的广告宣传；<俚>皮下注射液；吸毒成瘾的人v.大肆宣传；炒作；刺激
The public are not fooled by all the hype the press gave the event.
新闻界言过其实的种种报道并没有愚弄得了公众
The movie has been hyped up far beyond its worth.
这部影片被吹得离了谱了
media hype
媒体炒作（媒体制造的潮流泡沫）
sublime     adj.高尚的；壮观的；非凡的；极其的vt.变高尚；升华；气化n.顶峰；高尚
He has the power to turn the ordinary into the sublime.
爱人会化平凡为高尚，使生活得到升华		
You may also imbibe it slowly in small sips to appreciate the subtle allure of tea-drinking, until your spirits soar up and up into a sublime aesthetic realm.
在百忙之中泡上一壶浓茶，择雅静之处，自斟自饮，可以消除疲劳、涤烦益思、振奋精神，也可以细啜慢饮，达到美的享受，使精神世界升华到高尚的艺术境界
shortcut   	n.捷径；近路；快捷键v.抄近路；走捷径	 
He was always looking for a shortcut to fame and fortune.
他总是在找成名发财的捷径		
We saved time by taking a shortcut. 我们走捷径以节省时间		
application shortcut key  应用程序快捷键		
shortcut calculation  简化的计算	  shortcut menu[计]快捷菜单	
fame   	n.名声；名望vt.使出名	
She won her overnight fame by her first novel. 她的第一部小说使她一举成名		
The city is famed for its scenic spots. 该市以风景优美著称		
achieve〔gain, secure〕 fame获得声誉	  academic〔artistic〕 fame学〔艺〕术声望	 
at the height of sb's fame在某人最走红的时期
famed     adj.著名的	
fortune		n.命运；财产；运气 
Everyone is the architect of his own fortune.
每个人都是自己命运的创造者		
An ill marriage is a spring of ill fortune.  不良的婚姻是恶运的来源		
affect one's fortune  影响命运  enjoy good fortune  交好运		
changing fortune 多变的命运		by fortune 由于运气  child of fortune幸运儿
Using Goto Anything, you can navigate your project’s files swiftly.		
swift	   adj.快的；迅速的；敏捷的n.雨燕；线轴Swift.n.斯威夫特（人名）
He made a remarkably swift recovery. 他康复得相当快		
swift change突变		
Panes are groups of views. In Sublime Text, you can have multiple panes open at the same time.		
Sublime Text is a versatile and fun text editor for code and prose that automates repetitive tasks so you can focus the important stuff.		
prose	adj.散文的n.散文	 
This is a verbal translation of the prose. 这是那篇散文的逐字直译		
His prose is written in elegant language. 他的散文写得十分优雅		
prose writer散文作家
automate    v.使自动化  repetitive     adj.重复的；反复的
repeat    n.重复；反复v.重复；复述adj.重复的；反复的
composition，article，essay，paper，prose，thesis，theme，dissertation这些名词均含“文章”或“论文”之意。composition多指学校里老师给学生的作文练习。article多指在报刊、杂志上发表的非文艺性的文章，包括新闻报导、学术论文等。essay指任何一种非小说性的，篇幅不长、结构简练的文章，如论说文、报道、评论、讽刺性杂文等。paper正式用词，多指在学术刊物上发表或在学术会议上宣读的专题论文，也指高等学校的学期论文，或学校里的作文练习。prose专指散文。thesis既可指毕业论文、学位论文		
excel		vt.优于；超过vi.胜出n.[计] 电子表格（软件名称）
通用公共许可证(General Public License, GPL)		
MinGW ("Minimalistic GNU for Windows") is a collection of freely available and freely distributable Windows specific header files and import libraries combined with GNU toolsets that allow one to produce native 
Windows programs that do not rely on any 3rd-party C runtime 		
可移植操作系统接口（Portable Operating System Interface）		
compile		vt.编译；编制；编纂 
We are trying to compile a list of suitable people for the job.
我们在努力编制一份适合做这项工作的人员的名单		
compiler	n.编辑者；[计算机]编译器；编译程序  	
Next, you’ll need to add several packages to Cygwin. You can add them all in one fell swoop	
fell	vt.砍伐；击倒n.丘原；沼泽地adj.凶残的；毁灭性的动词fall的过去式.	 
The lumberman will fell these great trees.
这位伐木工将砍伐掉这些大树		
The girl lost her balance and fell off the balance beam.
小女孩失去了平衡，从平衡木上摔了下来		
fell over backwards拚命(竭力抵销)fell out of step with不同步于market fell行情下跌		
in one fell swoop一下子at one fell swoop一下子(一举Little strokes fell great oaks.水滴石穿。
swoop	v.抓取；猛扑；突然袭击n.俯冲；攫取；突然袭击	
The robber swooped up the banknotes. 劫匪把钞票一把抢走了		
Police made a dawn swoop.警方于拂晓时发动了突袭		
at one swoop一下子 (一举in one swoop一举  swoop down on 向 ... 突然袭击		
Cygwin’s setup wizard will walk you through a series of steps.		
wizard	 n.【C】男巫；术士；鬼才	
The wizard uttered a spell against the wicked king.
男巫对作恶多端的国王念咒法		
function wizard  函数向导  text wizard  文字分列向导		
exuberant		 adj.兴高采烈的；繁茂的；丰富的
All those mother trees in the garden are exuberant. 果园里的那些母树都长得十分茂盛		
exuberant green  绿意盎然		
exuberance		n.茂盛；充沛；丰富
Jane's extraordinary exuberance has produced fabulous results!
简异常充沛的精力创造出了惊人的成效！		
fabulous    adj.极好的；巨大的；传说中的
You look fabulous, you'll knock them dead tonight.
你看上去漂亮极了,今晚肯定把他们迷倒
reap fabulous profits  牟取暴利    fabulous age  一个国家开国初期的神话时代
How to bulk update mysql data with one query?
bulk     n.体积；容积；大块；大部分；大批  adj.散装的；大量的
		   vt.使膨胀；使成堆vi.膨胀；显得重要
The bulk of the work has already been done. 大部分工作已经完成
I recommend you a bulk buy.我建议你大量购买
great bulk  庞大的体积   huge bulk 庞大的体积  by bulk按体积
in bulk  大批,桶装  bulk large  显得重要   bulk small显得渺小
pivot     n.枢；中心；旋转  adj.在枢轴上转动的；关键的
		vt.装枢轴于；以 ... 为中心vi.在枢轴上转动
sudo apt-get --purge remove gcc-4.9
purge   n.整肃；清除；泻药；净化v.净化；清除；清洗
The new president carried out a purge of disloyal army officers.
新总统对不忠诚的陆军军官进行了一次整肃
We may purge water by distillation.我们可以用蒸馏法使水净化
purge system  清洗系统, 净化系统  
air purge 空气净化 purge pipe排气管  purge unit净气设备
prefix     n.前缀；(人名前的)称谓vt.加 ... 作为前缀；置于前面
prefix condition  [计] 前置条件, 前缀条件  prefix operator前置运算符,前缀运算符
inflate    vt.使膨胀；使得意；使通货膨胀vi.膨胀
We all started to inflate our balloons and eventually one burst.
我们都开始给气球充气，结果有一个爆掉了。
inflating: nraq_antichat_d/src/MsgInfoMrg.cpp 
集群中的每一个服务器都是一个代理(Broker).
broker     n.经纪人vt安排；协商
I do not regard a broker as a member of the human race.
我不把经纪人当作是人类的一个成员。
对于每一个Topic, Kafka集群维护这一个分区的log,就像下图中的示例：
anatomy of a topic
anatomy    n.解剖学；解剖学专著；分解；解剖；骨骸
The anatomy of the strands was not investigated.没人研究过菌绳的解剖学
wood anatomy 木材解剖学,木材解剖
python variable scope for loop
however the interpreter spits out:0 1 2 3 4 8 6 7 8 9		
for loop in python and whats the remedy to it to get the expected output.		
remedy	    n.治疗法；药物；补救vt.治疗；补救；矫正
Warmth is the best remedy for colds.热疗是治感冒的最好方法
Your faults of pronunciation can be remedied. 你的发音毛病是可以纠正的
cold〔cough, toothache〕 remedy感冒〔止咳,牙痛〕药   certain〔reliable〕 remedy可靠的补救方法
Smart machines, robots, and other forms of automation could either be an economic poison or cure in a 
developing country like India – and this change will affect how businesses worldwide outsource work. 
智能机械、机器人、和其他的自动化形式对于发展国家（比如印度）来说，即是经济的毒药也是解药，这种变化将会影响全世界的外包生意
poison     n.毒药；毒害；败坏道德之事vt.毒害；摧毁；中毒adj.有毒的；危险的
We detected traces of the poison in her food.我们在她的食物里发现了微量毒药
absolute poison  极其厌恶    poison dog毒死狗   poison against对…有不良的影响
Spiritual rubbish can poison the children's pure minds.精神垃圾能毒害孩子们的纯洁心灵
cure     n.治疗；治愈；疗法；对策v.治愈；治疗；纠正
There is still no cure for the common cold.目前仍没有治愈感冒的良药
The only way to cure backache is to rest.治疗背痛的唯一办法是休息
outsource     v.外包；外购
We outsource all our computing work.我们把全部计算机技术工作包给外边去做
If you can't do it, I'll have to outsource.如果你做不了，我只好请外面的人来做了
Ravi is one of thousands of Indian IT workers who will lose their jobs this year, caught between a 
slump in India’s previously booming IT industry and new technology threatening to replace human workers.
受制于印度IT工厂迅猛发展后的大幅下滑，以及新科技对人力的替代作用，RAVI是今年以来数以千计的印度IT失业者之一。
slump   v.大幅度下跌；猛然瘫坐；使倒下n.暴跌；低潮状态；(土地)下沉
Sales have slumped in the last month.上月销售量骤降
The slump hit his business hard.物价暴跌使他的生意大受打击
boom      n.繁荣；兴旺；激增；低沉声n.帆杠；吊杆；支臂；尾桁；水栅
			  vi.急速增长；发出低沉声vt.使兴旺；促进
It's a boom year this year.今年是繁荣昌盛的一年
He made his pile during the property boom.在房地产生意兴隆期间他发了大财
Please swing the boom overside.请把吊杆甩到外档
This boom in adult education, in turn, helps to raise the intellectual standard of the whole country.
而成人教育热反过来又促进了整个国家文化水平的提高
boom in export出口激增			  
Until last month he worked at Cognizant Technology Solutions – a firm headquartered in the US but with the bulk of its workforce in India. 
The company is under pressure to cut costs and is expected to shed between 6,000 and 10,000 'underperformers' this year.
直到上个月他还在Cognizant Technology Solutions工作——一家总部在美国、大部分员工在印度的公司
这家公司在削减开支的压力下，要在今年裁员6000-10000“表现不佳”的员工
firm     n.公司；商行adj.坚定的；结实的；坚固的；严格的v.(使)变得坚实；确定adv.稳固地；坚定地
He resigned his directorship and left the firm.
他放弃了董事职务, 离开了公司
Because of their pleasant personality, they had soon formed a firm friendship.
因为他们友善的个性,他们很快就建立起坚固的友谊
He gave a concise and firm summary of our position.
他扼要而坚定地阐述了我方的立场
firm faith   坚定的信念  firm prices  稳定的物价   firm against坚定地反对…的,比…坚挺的   establish a firm开商行
headquarter     vt.总部设于vi.设立总部
The secret store is headquartered abroad.这家黑店的总部设在国外
quarter     n.四分之一；一刻钟；一季；25美分；区；方向v.四等分adj.四分之一的
shed     vt.除掉；使脱落；使流出；使清晰n.小屋；车棚
Most trees shed their leaves in autumn.大多数树在秋天落叶
They planned to build a shed beside the house for parking bikes.
他们打算在房子旁边建一个车棚用来停自行车   drying shed    烘干室  
Market volatility and rising protectionism in countries like the USA, where much of India’s IT outsourcing work 
comes from, saw Cognizant’s revenue grow at its slowest pace in two decades last year, and its peers in the Indian IT 
industry are in the same boat.
在市场动荡并且贸易保护保护主义抬头的国家中，例如美国——印度IT外包的生意主要来源，
像Cognizant这样的公司在去年增长速度放慢到二十年以来最低，其他的同行公司也面临着相同的困境
pace     n.速度；步伐；(一)步v.踱步；(用步)测；(马)溜蹄走prep.用在人名前(礼貌的表达不同意见)
She works so fast that I can't keep pace with her.
她工作得很快，我跟不上她的速度
The lion paced the floor of his cage restlessly. 狮子烦躁地在兽笼里走来走去
pace the room   在房间里踱来踱去
revenue    n.税收；收入；税务局
The state does not collect enough revenue to cover its expenditure.
政府征收的税收不能满足支出     revenue officer税务员
volatility     n.挥发性；挥发度；轻快；(性格)反复无常
volatile     adj.不稳定的；反复无常的；易挥发的n.挥发物
The political situation is becoming more volatile.政局变得更加动荡不定
violate     v.侵犯；违反；扰乱；亵渎；强奸
Software can carry out routine IT support work and repetitive back office tasks – the very tasks global companies originally outsourced to India
软件可以完成日常IT 的支持工作以及重复性的后台任务——这些正是国际公司曾经外包给印度的工作
But at the same time, rapidly improving automation technology is allowing software to carry out routine IT support work and repetitive back office tasks previously performed by humans – the very tasks global companies originally outsourced to India to take advantage of cheaper labour.
但是与此同时，迅速提升的自动化技术正在使用软件替代人力完成日常的IT支持和重复性的后台任务——基于便宜的劳动力，这些任务曾经是国际公司外包给印度的
In February, Cognizant’s CFO said it would “aggressively” employ automation to “optimise” its services. 
Meanwhile, India’s third-largest IT firm, Infosys, said automation allowed it to shift 9,000 workers from low-skill jobs to more advanced projects, like machine learning and artificial intelligence, last year. Its competitor Wipro redeployed 3,200 in 2016, and predicts it will move another 4,500 this year.
在2月，Cognizant 的首席财务官宣布将积极的引入自动化来优化服务。同时，印度第三大IT公司INFOSYS宣布自动化将使9000名工人从低端岗位转移到更高级的项目，例如机器学习、人工智能。去年，这家公司的竞争对手WIPROO在2016年调整了3200个岗位，并预测今年还将调整4500个岗位。
aggressive     adj.侵略的；进攻性的；好斗的；有进取心的
aggressive act  侵略行径   aggressive advocate  积极进取的提倡者
aggressive in the open-door policy  积极推行门户开放政策
Yet this has been accompanied by a significant slowing in hiring. 
IT body Nasscom’s annual review predicted a 20-to-25% reduction in jobs in the industry over the next three years.
与此同时，招聘速度也在放缓。印度软件和服务业企业行业协会报告预测称接下来的6年里，工厂将会削减20-25%的职位。
“Cognizant has not conducted any layoffs,” a Cognizant spokesperson said. 
“New machines and technologies are about helping cut costs, improve efficiencies, and increase sophistication in 
building and delivering services. They are not about altogether replacing the human element, 
but about elevating the role people play and the value they bring to their roles.”“Cognizant
并没有任何的裁员”一名Cognizant的发言人宣称，“新的机器和技术用来帮助削减开支，
提升效率，同时提高搭建和运输服务的复杂程度。总而言之他们不是用来替代人力的因素，而是用来提升人类的角色，并提升这些角色的价值。
layoff    n.临时解雇；操作停止；活动停止期间
Stock prices broke when the firm suddenly announced layoffs.
当公司突然宣布裁员时，股票价格便大跌
”But it can be hard to pinpoint exactly whose jobs have been lost to automation. 
Researchers in the UK, for example, have shown that some roles in today’s global economy are more at risk than others. 
的确很难精确的指出究竟谁的工作因为自动化而被替代。例如，来自英国的调查者，指出经济全球化的背景下，一些工作职能相对而言更加存在风险。
pinpoint      v.精确地找到；瞄准；使突出n.极小之物；精确位置adj.精确的；微小的
It's difficult to pinpoint the cause of the accident.
很难清楚地找到事故发生的原因
pinpoint program非常详细的程序表
pinpoint navigation定点航行pinpoint attack精确攻击,对点状目标攻击
Ravi, whose name has been changed, worked as a software tester – a role particularly vulnerable to automated takeover. 
"In testing, already it has been introduced and it's coming in very fast,” he says. 
"If a job requires four manual testers, automation can reduce it to one.”RAVI
（已化名），作为一个软件测试人员，非常容易被自动化所替代。“在测试领域，自动化已经被引入并且将会迅速普及”他说到，
“如果一份工作需要4个人工测试员，自动化技术可以减低到1人
vulnerable     adj.易受伤害的；有弱点的；脆弱的
The potato is vulnerable to several pests.马铃薯易受几种害虫的侵害   takeover    n.收购；接管
”He’s now job hunting, but says opportunities for the kind of work he was doing before are limited and 
he will probably have to adapt: take a course on automated software testing and then try to secure a position. 
He worries this may be a repeating pattern.
他现在正在找工作，但是也提到类似之前的工作机会非常有限，他可能不得不去适应：比如参加一个自动化软件测试的课程，然后试着去找一个对口的工作。他很担心这种情况反复出现。
"Maybe after five years some new technologies are coming and we have to learn those, too,” he says.”
也许五年之后，一些新的技术就会到来，我们还要被迫去学“，他说。
Since the 1990s Indian firms have carried out back office tasks, and IT services like data entry, 
running call centres and testing software for foreign companies at cut-price rates by throwing cheap labour at them. 
But as machines become adept at this repetitive, rule-based work, the low-skill jobs – where the bulk of Indian IT workers are employed – are the most at risk.
自从1990年以来，印度公司基于本国的廉价劳动力开始低价为外国公司分包后台工作和IT服务，例如数据录入、呼叫中心，和软件测试等。
一些规律性、技能低的工作将逐步被机器替代，这些过去大部分是印度IT工人在做，如今面临着非常大的风险。
“It’s been happening for the last two or three years in an accelerated fashion,” says Gopinathan Padmanabhan, 
head of innovation at IT company Mphasis. “It’s a reality you can't shy away from.
”过去2~3年，这种情况正在加速发生，Gopinathan Padmanabhan,一家印度公司Mphasis的创新总监称，“这是你无法逃避的事实”
shy    adj.腼腆的；胆怯的；害羞的
He only saw her sweet, shy face.他只注意到她的甜甜的、腼腆的脸
shy away from close friendships  避免与人深交
This shift will go hand-in-hand with new opportunities in emerging areas – data science, artificial intelligence and 
big data – but these will require new skills and probably fewer employees.
这种情况同时也带来了一些热门领域的新机遇，比如数据科学、人工智能、大数据——但是这些领域需要新的技能和更少的雇员
emerging    adj.新兴的    emergence   n.出现；浮现；露出
emerge    vi.浮现；(由某种状态)脱出；(事实)显现出来
Man has gradually emerged from barbarism into civilization over the long history.
在悠久的历史长河中人类逐渐脱离野蛮状态而进入文明
"They will have to find new roles and train themselves to become relevant in the new age,” says Padmanabhan. 
“And we're not talking about too far into the future… the next three to five years.
”他们需要找到新的角色并且训练自己成为能够适应新时代的人才。Padmanabhan说，“我们并不是在讨论遥远的未来，就是3年到5年后的事
”Of course, losing jobs to automation is a concern across the developed world. But India’s case is unique.
自动化发展带来的失业问题在发达国家也受到关注，但是印度的情况有些特别。
World Bank data estimates 69% of today’s jobs in India are threatened by automation
世界银行数据显示，在印度，69%的工作将会受到自动化的威胁。
A stable job at one of the big IT companies is a major aspiration for many Indians, 
which probably explains why fears of technological unemployment have featured so prominently in newspapers here in recent months.
在一家大的IT公司有一份稳定的工作是许多印度人的梦想，这也解释了为什么技术性事业的恐慌在最近几个月的报纸中引起了如此大的反响
aspirant    n.怀抱大志者；野心家adj.有抱负的；有野心的
aspiration     n.抱负；热望；志向；渴望n.吸引术；抽吸；吸气；发送气音
The generalship was his aspiration.将官之职位是他梦寐以求的目标
accord with aspiration 符合愿望     common aspirations共同的愿望    career aspirations追求事业成功的愿望
But despite contributing 9.3% of the country’s GDP, according to Nasscom, the IT industry only employs 3.7 million 
of the nation’s roughly half a billion working adults. So how big of a threat is it actually to the Indian workforce?
但是撇开对国家GDP贡献9.3%这个因素不谈，根据印度印度软件和服务业企业行业协会的说法，370万的IT从业者只占印度5亿劳动人口很小的一部分。所以，对于印度劳动市场这个影响究竟有多大？
World Bank data estimates 69% of today’s jobs in India are threatened by automation. And India isn’t alone: 
China’s figure was 77% and other developing countries also scored highly.
世界银行数据显示今天印度69%的工作收到自动化的威胁，无独有偶，中国同样有77%的工作受到威胁，其他一些发展中国家的比例也很高。
India is already struggling to create jobs amid rapid growth. Its working-age population increased by 300 million between 
1991 and 2013, according to UN figures, but the number of people employed only rose by 140 million.
为了经济增长，印度已经玩命的在创造就业机会。它的适龄工作人口在1991年到2013年增长了3个亿，根据美国的数据，就业人口仅增长了1.4亿
amid    prep.在其间；在其中   
I stood amid a sea of corn.我站在茫茫一片庄稼之中
Still, robots replacing jobs en masse is unrealistic in the medium term in India – or anywhere else – 
but the effects are already being felt. Last September, Indian textiles giant Raymond said it would replace 10,000 jobs with robots over three years.
从中期来看，印度以及一些其他国家，机器人替代工作还没有成为现实。但是人们已经能感受到它的影响。去年9月，印度纺织巨头RAYMOND说接下来的3年里1万个工作将被机器替代。
giant     n.巨人；巨物；大公司adj.巨大的
Special cages are made to protect them from giant fish.
为了保护他们免受大鱼的侵袭,人们做了特制的笼子
giant panda大熊猫
Union leader Vinodh Kumar works at BMW’s factory in Chennai – India’s automotive hub. His facility isn’t in danger of automation, but he knows union leaders at Hyundai’s plant where the entire body shop and most of the paint shop was automated.
宝马在金奈（印度第四大城市）工厂的工会干部 Vinodh Kuma称，他的工厂现在并没有自动化的危机，
但是他知道现代工厂的整个车身唱间和喷漆车间已经使用自动化技术。“
The majority of the body shop employees lost their jobs,” he said. 
“The permanent employees they tried to relocate, but the contract labourers and the trainees lost their jobs
.”车身厂间的大部分工人都失业了，他说，永久雇员被重新安置，但是合同工和实习生都被遣散了
trainee   n.练习生；实习生；新兵；训练中的动物    Trainee Manager培训部经理
Other sectors at risk include pharmaceuticals, food and beverages, logistics and security.
其他有风险的领域还有制药、食品和饮品、物流和安保
logistic    adj.后勤的；符号逻辑的
Human resources are guarantee of college logistic reform and development.
人力资源是高校后勤改革和发展的保障
Mohandas Pai, former CFO of Infosys, says it is unlikely to impact high-skill jobs like architects or high-quality coders,
or even lower-end jobs in the service industry like restaurant staff and hairdressers.
Mohandas Pai,INFOSYS的前首席财官说，这可能不会影响到一些高技能的人才比如建筑师、高级码农，或者一些低端的服务行业比如酒店工作人员和理发师。
"The fat middle is at threat, which is rule-based work. Like work in banks, work in offices, work in factories,” he says.
中间的大部分人会受到影响，特别是一些规律性的工作，比如银行职员、办公室人员、工厂工人。
‘Hollowing out’ the middle class
The World Bank’s 2016 World Development Report noted a global trend towards “hollowing out” of the labour force. 
As technology streamlines routine tasks, middle-skill jobs like clerical workers and machine operators 
decline while both high-skill and low-skill ones increase.
世界银行的2016世界发展报告指出“挖空”中产力量成为全球性趋势。伴随科技简化了日常性的工作，中等级能的职业比如办公室职员
和机器操作员将会减少，同时高技能和低技能的人员将会增长，
And in developing nations like India, that can be a huge problem.这在诸如印度这样的发展中国家，将会成为非常大的问题。
"Those middle-skill jobs have traditionally been the path out of poverty,” says World Bank senior economist Indhira Santos.
 “So that polarisation into the labour market could translate into a polarisation of society and income.
”这些中等技能的职业是传统的脱贫之路，世界银行高级科学家Indhira Santos说，所以劳动力市场的两级分化社会和收入的两极分化
poverty    n.贫困；贫乏；劣质
This trend isn’t down to technology alone – globalisation and urbanisation contribute. 
But pulling away “the ladder to the middle class”, as the report puts it, could be particularly damaging in a developing country like India.
这个趋势并不仅因为科技因素，全球化和城市化也加剧了问题。“撤掉中间层的梯子”，正如报告所说，将会对印度这样的发展中国家带来巨大的破坏
After all, there is a reason why companies are turning to new technologies. 
“Automation is an imperative to improve competitiveness, quality and efficiency,” says CEO of Siemens’ India Sunil Mathur. 
That helps compete against cheap imports, boost exports and increases domestic demand and therefore jobs, he says.
毕竟，公司都转向使用新技术是因为“自动化对于提升竞争力、产品质量、效率都有很大的帮助”，
西门子的印度CEO说，自动会会帮助我们击败廉价的进口、刺激出口和扩大内需，进而提供工作岗位
domestic     adj.家庭的；国内的；驯养的n.佣人；家仆
My value for domestic tranquility should much exceed theirs.
我应该远比他们重视家庭的平静生活 
domestic violence  家庭暴力     domestic refuse   生活垃圾   domestic flight国内班机
The working conditions of domestics have received media attention.
家仆的工作状况得到了新闻媒介的关注
Samay Kohli, co-founder of home-grown warehouse robotics company Grey Orange, agrees. 
India lags well behind the developed world on labour productivity, which acts as a major handbrake on growth.
Samay Kohli，印度本土的仓库机器人公司 Grey Orange的联合创始人，同意这个观点，
印度在劳动力生产效率落后于发达国家，这对经济增长是一个大的阻碍
handbrake    n.手制动器；手刹
Only use the handbrake when your vehicle is stationary.
只有在停车时才动用手刹
“You have to automate to be globally competent,” he says. “If we don't improve our infrastructure, 
our productivity we will not have a chance to compete globally.
为了全球性的竞争力我们不得不使用自动化”他说“如果我们不提高我们的设备和产品，我们将失去全球性的竞争力
”The Butler robot can pick up to 600 items an hour. That eclipses the 100 items a human worker can manage 
“管家”机器人每小时可以拾取600个物件，这使得每小时拾取100个物件的人工速度相形见绌 
eclipse     n.日或月食；丧失；没落vt.形成日或月食；使 ... 黯然失色
It will take an hour to reach full eclipse stage.从月食到全食历时一个小时
Its economy may well eclipse Japan's in size in 20 years or so."
中国经济的规模在20年左右的时间里完全可能超过日本
complete〔full, total〕 eclipse  日〔月〕全食    eclipse sb's achievements超过某人的成就
Grey Orange builds ‘Butler’ robots that fetch and store products and ‘Sorters’ that automatically scan and 
sort packages in the warehouses of e-commerce and logistics giants like Flipkart, Jabong and DTDC.
灰橘子公司生产的管家机器人可以拾取和储存货物，分类者机器人可以扫描和分类仓库里的包括，为电商和物流巨头提供服务比如Flipkart, Jabong and DTDCKohli says the Butler can pick up to 600 items an hour. 
butler    n.男管家；仆役长  
The butler served him faithfully for 25 years.这个男管家为他忠耿耿干了25年
That eclipses the 100 items a human worker can manage – invaluable efficiency in a country where supply chain costs are double those of Western countries.Kohli 
说管家机器人一个小时可以拾取600个货物，人力只能拾取100个，这对于一个供应链的成本比发达国家高一倍的国家来讲具有不可估量的价值
Increasing worker productivity could stifle employment, but Kohli claims they are simply filling gaps. Annual staff turnover in warehousing is 300%, he says. Rural Indians come looking for better earnings,
 but onerous targets, low wages and urban living costs mean they rarely last long. But robots are harder to sway.
 增加的人工效率会扼杀就业，但是KOHLI称他们正在填补空缺。 仓库每年的人员流动率是300%，他说。印度农民希望得到更高的工资，但是繁重的工作、微薄的薪水以及城市生活开销让他们很少能在仓库工作很长时间。但是机器人不会跳槽。
 Kohli claims job numbers in their facilities have stayed level, but attrition has reduced.KOHLI称他们工厂的工作数量保持稳定，而消耗在减少，
 “This labour is just brute labour,” he says. “Even though they're doing jobs, they never get out of poverty. When they start using these kinds of collaborative robots in the mix they work better, more efficiently and are happier with their jobs.
 "这些人是力工，就算他们做了這些工作仍然无法脱贫。当他们与机器人协作，他们可以工作得更好、更有效率，也更加开心
 Heads of IBM Research India Sriram Raghavan agrees that in a developing country like India, automation normally 
 fills gaps rather than replacing people. India has 330,000 fewer doctors than the WHO’s minimum recommendation,
 but Raghavan says automation can help plug this kind of talent shortage. Smart machines combined with the internet could allow doctors and teachers to provide personalised services to many more people than they can today.
 IBM印度研究中心的头儿Sriram Raghavan同意这个观点，在印度这样的发展中国家，机器自动化填坑的作用更甚于替代印度有少于33万的医生低于世界卫生组织的最小要求
 但是RAGHAVAN说自动化可以帮助填补这类人才的短缺。智能机械与互联网结合可以帮助医生和老师去为更多人个提供私人服务，远远高于他们现在能到达到的服务数量
 The plight of IT workers like Ravi, though, demonstrates that automation is already encroaching on areas 
 without gaps to be filled. Pai says India has the luxury of time compared to developed countries, as labour will remain 
 cheaper than automation for a decade, and huge unmet demand for infrastructure and services can produce lots of jobs.
 然而像RAVI这样的IT员工说明自动化已经侵入没有空缺的领域，PAI说印度对比发达国家仍有宝贵的时间又是，因为劳动力在接下来的10年里仍然会比自动化便宜，大量不能满足需求的设施和服务仍然提供大量工作
 plight    n.困境；苦境n.誓约vt.宣誓；订婚
 The television pictures brought home to us all the plight of the refugees.
我们从电视上知道了难民所处的一切困境
I plight that I will always be faithful to my work.我发誓我会一直忠诚于我的工作
plight one's faith to担保
 But the World Bank report highlights an ever-accelerating race between skills and technology and that countries like India need to act now to future-proof their populations’ capabilities.
 但是世界银行报告强调了技能与科技之争在不断加速，像印度这样的国家需要采取措施保证劳动力人口在未来也有工作能力。
 Future-proofing jobs from robots区别于机器人，适应未来的工作
 With automation taking on the routine tasks at the heart of today’s workplace, the jobs of the future will focus on skills like critical thinking, collaboration and creativity
 .随着自动化接管了现在工作岗位核心日常工作，未来的工作一定聚焦在诸如批判性思考、协作和创造性之类的技能
 The jobs of the future will focus on skills like critical thinking, collaboration and creativityIndia’s education system has a reputation for learning by rote and 
 Indian Institute of Technology Madras engineering professor Ashok Jhunjhunwala agrees most institutions aren’t adequately preparing young people.
 印度教育系统以死记硬背著称，印度马德拉斯的工程教授Ashok Jhunjhunwala认为大部分院校不能适用年轻人的培养
 rote     n.死记硬背；机械的做法adj.死记硬背的；机械的
He used to learn everything by rote.他过去总是死记硬背 
His poor method of learning by rote made him unable to deal with the problems in his work flexibly.
他死记硬背的学习方法使他在工作中不能灵活处理问题
 But things are changing. He leads a government-sponsored pilot where professors from leading colleges use 
 virtual labs to teach students at struggling engineering colleges. And start-ups are introducing extra-curricular 
 robotics classes teaching problem-solving skills vital for future jobs.

 但是情况正在发生变化。他领导了一个受政府资助的试点，来自顶尖学院的教授通过虚拟实验室来向其他学校的学生进行授课 。
 初学者还被推荐学习机器人课程、解决问题的技巧，增加面向未来工作的竞争力
 vital    adj.至关重要的；有活力的；生死攸关的
 The government saw the introduction of new technology as vital.
政府认为引进新技术至关重要
vital statistics  人口统计   vital capacity 肺活量
pilot    n.飞行员；领航员；试播节目；<美>排障器；[机]导向器v.驾驶；领航；向导；试点adj.试验性的；引导的
A pilot must be awake to the changes in the weather.飞行员必须警觉天气的变化
We are doing a pilot study to see if the new product will sell well.
我们正在为这种新产品做试销调查，看它的销路好不好   start-up  n.启动；创业
 Most importantly, he says the country’s young population is sharp, adaptable, and future-oriented.
 最重要的，他说这个国家的年轻人是聪明、适应能力强并且未来导向的。
 "If automation displaces one thing they move to another,” he says. “They are recognising the need to continually upskill.
 ”如果自动化取代了一处，他们会移向另一处。他们意识到需要不断的提高技能
 upskill     v.提高 ... 的技术性
 IBM’s Raghavan says smart machines that automatically analyse students' performance and preferences 
 can help guide them through this fast-moving terrain by combining data on their skills with job opportunities and available courses.
 IBM的RAGHAVAN说智能机械可以自动分析出学生的表现和偏好，帮助指导学生通过快速发展的领域，通过整合他们的技能数据和职业机会以及课程培养
 terrain     n.地带；地形
 The car blitzed through rough terrain.
这辆汽车长驱穿越了崎岖地带
 He says: "Then it’s less about a race, but getting people on a journey. 
 Maybe the skill profile changes every five years rather than every 10, but at the same time technology is helping navigate that landscape.
 "他说，这就不再像竞争，而是一场旅行。或许技能适每5年或者10年需要变化，同时科技会帮助人们走向目的地
 That may sound like blue-sky thinking, but in February, Microsoft and LinkedIn announced Project Sangam – 
 a programme providing LinkedIn training, with progress automatically added to profiles so companies can 
 shortlist candidates, as well as personalised job recommendations.
 这听起来有点天马行空不过，但是在今年2月，微软和领英共同宣布Sangam项目——提供领英培训，技能会自动添加到简历中，
 这样公司就可以更便捷的筛选候选人，同时为个人提供更合适的工作推荐
 blue-sky    adj.不可靠的；无价值的
 Jhunjhunwala thinks India’s development challenges are so large, it needs all the help it can get. And fighting automation is futile anyway.
 Jhunjhunwala 认为印度的发展挑战如此严峻，需要各方的帮助才能应对。对抗自动化趋势是徒劳的
 futile    adj.无效的；无用的
 We are the Borg, Earth assimilation is inevitable, Resistant is futile!
我们是博格，地球将被同化，抵抗是无效的
futile cycle  无效循环
 "The changes going on in the world, including automation, are not something decided by us – but it's going to happen,
 " he says. "We don’t want to be passive and let automation impact us. We want to develop something with this automation.
 "包括自动化在内变化席卷了世界，这些不是由个人决定的，但是它已经发生了。他说，我们不能消极的让自动化影响我们，我们需要利用好自动化去发展
 And in the race between technology and skills – as India tries to keep pace with the very technology that 
 helped launch its economy on the world stage – he thinks the country has a secret weapon: a deeper value placed on education than in the West. 
 After all, the pinnacle of India’s ancient caste system was the educated Brahmin priest – not the Kshatriya warrior.
 在科技与技能的竞赛中，比如印度试着追赶科技的发展速度，帮助自身经济在世界舞台立足
 他认为印度相较西方国家有一个秘密武器：教育更受重视，因为在古代印度的种姓制度里， 占据最高位的是婆罗门祭司——而不是刹帝利武士 
 weapon     n.武器；兵器
 pinnacle    n.小尖塔；尖峰；高峰vt.造小尖塔；放置高处
 caste      n.印度的世袭阶级；(排他的)社会团体；种姓；等级制度
 This weapon fires anti-aircraft missiles.这种武器是发射防空导弹的
carry a weapon携带武器develop weapons发展武器atomic〔nuclear〕 weapons核武器
chemical〔conventional, modern〕 weapon化学〔常规,现代〕武器
 "It's part of our Indian heritage," says Pai. "India is the only civilisation 
 in the world where the educated gurus were placed on the totem pole higher than the king. 
 In all other nations, soldiers and might ruled and knowledge bowed to the mighty. 
 In India, knowledge is above the might of the state
."这是印度的遗产，PAI说，只有印度文明里精神导师比国王更有地位。在其他国家里，士兵占据着统治，而知识必须向他们低头
在印度，知识是至高无上的
heritage   n.遗产；继承物
A novelist must be able to use the cultural heritage of his nation.
小说家要善于利用他本国的文化遗产
gurus    n.古鲁(指印度教等宗教的宗师或领袖)；领袖；专家
totem    n.图腾；图腾形象
A social system is based on affiliations to totems.
基于图腾的紧密联系之上的一种社会制度
bottom man on the totem pole   最没有地位的人   totem pole 图腾柱
pole     n.杆；柱；极点v.(用杆)支撑Pole.n.波兰人
mighty     adj.强大的；巨大的adv.很；极其
The United Kingdom was a mighty empire before World War I.
英联邦在第一次世界大战前曾是一个强大的帝国


































		
		
	










