====================================
1~14（上部分1-13已经打印12-3）  
In this post you will discover the humble decision tree algorithm known by it’s more modern name CART which stands for Classification And Regression Trees.  
humble       adj. 谦逊的；粗陋的；卑下的；微末的vt. 使 ... 卑下；贬低
Knowledge makes humble, ignorance makes proud. 博学使人谦逊，无知使人骄傲。
The duke did well by people in humble stations. 那位公爵善待地位低下的人 
 She'll humble you to the dust.
她一定要把你糟蹋得一文不值。
And to do this we need to humble ourselves.
要做到这一点，我们需要是自己谦卑
modest，humble这两个形容词都有“谦恭的”之意。modest含义广泛，指行为或态度等方面不自大、不虚荣、不傲慢、不武断和不自负。humble指精神和行为上的谦逊，褒义指对自己或自己的成就不骄傲；贬义指过低地评价自己，对人低声下气 
proud          adj. 自豪的；自尊的；自傲的；壮观盛大的
If your father had still been alive, he would have felt very proud of you.
你父亲如果还健在的话,他会为你骄傲的。
It was a proud day for us when we won the trophy.
我们夺得奖杯那一天是值得我们骄傲的日子 
proud的基本意思是“有自尊心的”“高出周围表面的”。用于褒义,可指“自豪的”; 用于贬义,则指“傲慢的”。	proud作表语时后常接of短语、动词不定式或that从句。of后可接名词,也可接动名词; 动词不定式可带有自己的逻辑主体(由for引出) 
proud about, proud of这两个短语的区别在于前者用于贬义,指“自高自大”; 后者用于褒义,指“为…而自豪”。试比较:We are proud of our motherland.我们为祖国感到自豪。He is proud about his success.他为自己的成功沾沾自喜 
proud, conceited, haughty这组词都可表示“骄傲的”“傲慢的”。其区别是：1.proud常指对取得的成功或荣誉所感到的自豪; haughty指看不起人或目中无人; conceited指一个人过分地赞赏自己,不屑于与他人往来。2.proud既可用于贬义,又可用于褒义,而haughty和conceited只能用于贬义。例如:She is a haughty girl.她是一个高傲的女孩。The nobles used to treat the common people with haughty contempt.贵族在过去惯于傲慢和轻蔑地对待平民。She is such a conceited girl that she always walks home from school with her nose in the air.她是一个非常自傲的女孩,总是目中无人地从学校走回家去。She became unbearably conceited after a handsome boy asked her out.一个英俊的男孩邀请了她之后,她就傲慢得使人不能忍受 
conceit       n. 自负；个人观点；幻想；字字珠玑；好评
This young man is full of conceit. 这个年轻人非常自负。
No one admires a man who is full of conceit.
没有人喜欢一个十分自负的人 
out of conceit with 不再喜欢(厌倦in one's own conceit 自以为be full of conceit 十分自负self-conceit 自负put someone out of conceit with 使某人不再满意…
Given a dataset with two inputs (x) of height in centimeters and weight in kilograms the output of sex as male or female, below is a crude example of a binary decision tree (completely fictitious for demonstration purposes only). 
crude        adj. 天然的；未加工的；粗鲁的；粗糙的；简陋的n. 原油；天然的物质
China is a country rich in crude oil. 中国是一个原油丰富的国家。
The price of crude oil has come down recently.
最近原油的价格已经下降了 
crude, raw这两个词都可指“未加工过的”。raw用于指任何未加工过的自然物; crude用于指那些不纯的,需要精练或用化学方法和加热等方式加工的自然物。 
rough，coarse，harsh，rude，crude这些形容词均有“粗糙”之意。rough普通用词，指某物表面凹凸不平，天气恶劣，（态度）粗暴，（计算)粗略。coarse指某物质地低劣或编织、加工等不精细。也指(言谈)粗俗。harsh指外表、性质、声音的粗糙、刺耳、刺目，强调使人不愉快感。rude指加工粗糙、不精细。尤指行为举止粗鲁无礼，缺乏修养。crude主要指未经加工处理尚处于自然状态的物质；食物或水果的不熟 
vulgar，coarse，crude，gross这些形容词均含“粗鲁的，粗俗的”之意。vulgar侧重指对听者的冒犯，往往强调粗野，言行、趣味不高，缺乏教养。coarse指缺乏教养，言谈粗俗，举止粗野，可与vulgar换用。crude与vulgar同义，也指言谈举止粗俗，不文雅，缺乏教养。gross语气强烈，指粗鲁、无礼貌，令人讨厌 
Pruning the tree: Simplify the tree by pruning peripheral branches to avoid overfitting
peripheral       adj. 外围的；不重要的n. 外围设备
We dealt with the peripheral aspects of a cost reduction program.
我们谈到了降低成本计划的一些外围问题。
The talks made progress on peripheral issues, but failed to resolve the main dispute between the two sides.
谈判在次要的问题上取得了进展,但是没能解决双方的主要争端 
Unfortunately, the speeds of peripheral devices have not kept pace.
不幸的是外围设备的速度跟不上主机。
It minimizes distortion and peripheral vignetting at the wide end.
资讯科技将扭曲和在广泛的结束使晕映的外围设备减到最少 
6: C4.5, k-Means, SVM, Apriori, EM, PageRank, AdaBoost, kNN, Naive Bayes, and CART. These top 10 algorithms are among the most influential data mining algorithms in the research community 
influential      adj. 有权势的；有影响的n. 有影响力的人物
He used his influential friends to help him get into the civil service by the back door.
他利用那些有权有势的朋友帮助他走后门,到政府行政部门任职。
Influential friends helped him to get a good job.
有权势的朋友们帮他弄到一份美差 
He met a select group of media influentials.
他会见了一群经过挑选的媒介巨头 
influential in persuading the president to take action 在说服总统采取行动上有影响influential in reaching a decision 对作出决定有影响 
influence        v. 影响；感染；<美俚>在(饮料)中加烈酒n. 影响力；影响；权势；势力；有影响的人(或事物)
The labour enthusiasm of the workers strongly influenced us.
工人们的劳动热情极大地感染了我们 
assert one's influence 施加自己的影响consolidate one's influence 巩固势力 active influence 积极的影响dark influence 邪恶的势力influence for 有…影响influence of magic 在魔法的威力下  
assert         vt. 断言；主张，坚持；生效；维护
She asserted that he was innocent. 她断言，他是无罪的。
Upon inspection, we assert that the systems development process is empirical
通过以上分析,我们断言系统开发过程是经验的 
Gini系数增益。 当分组为{married} | {single,divorced}时 
divorce       n. 分离；离婚vt. 使分离；与 ... 离婚vi. 离婚
Boredom is not a ground for divorce. 日久生厌不能成为离婚的理由。
She has filed a petition for divorce. 她已向法院申请离婚 
He is unable to divorce fantasy from reality.
他不能将幻想与现实分开 
divorce用作动词的基本意思是“与…离婚”,指断绝夫妻之间的关系,也可指“分离”,指某物从另一个物体中脱离出来,成为一个相对独立的个体。常与介词from搭配。 
Before we jump in, we should address some confusing terminology associated with the interrelated concepts we will be dealing with. These three separate terms that appear interchangeable, but actually have distinct meanings: 
clarity          n. 清楚；透明
These adjectives mean lacking clarity of meaning. 这些形容词都有意思不清楚的含义
Clarity is very important for a business letter. 文笔清晰对于商业信件非常重要
His writing has great clarity of style. 他的写作风格清晰易懂
He stated the market situation with astonishing clarity.
他极其清晰地陈述了市场行情 
principle of clarity 明晰清楚原则clarity test 透明度试验, 澄清度试验loss of clarity 透明度损失 
clarify      vt. 澄清；阐明；净化
Backing Out of the Virtual Environment
Since we are now done with the Flask portion of the guide, we can deactivate our virtual environment:
deactivate       v. 使无效；使不活动；解散部队
We would immediately deactivate your service on the SIM card.
我们立即为您挂失。
If you don't wish to use a feature, you can deactivate it.
而如果你不想使用某个特点的话，可以将其禁用
If you need to work on your Flask site again, you should reactivate its respective environment. You can do that by using the workon command:
reactivate       v. 重新运转；恢复活动
【近义词】restart 重新启动，重新开始reboot 重新启动
If you want to be geeky about it check the HTTP 1.1 specs which was superseded by multiple RFCs (7230-7237). Search for these RFC's at ietf
geeky         adj. 令人厌烦的；奇怪的；穿着老土的；对计算机狂热的
It sounds geeky, but it's kind of fun.
听起来有点怪，但是挺有趣的。
The geeky kid now owns a million dollar software company.
那个小程序员现在拥有一家资产上百万的软件公司
geek     n. 反常人；电脑迷；杂技团表演者；极客
Introduction Servers have confused me quite a bit. I'm sure there will be many python developers who share the same predicament. So let me try to unveil the mist of confusion by sharing everything I know about Servers.
predicament   n. 困境    
A loan of money would help me out of my predicament.
只需一笔贷款就能帮我摆脱困境
unveil     vt. 揭开；公布vi. 揭开
Women must not unveil themselves in public in Islamic societies.
在伊斯兰教国家里，妇女们在公共场合不能揭开面纱。
uncover 揭开reveal 显示
veil      n. 面纱；面罩；掩饰物vt. 使戴面纱；遮蔽vi. 戴面纱
The bride's face was covered in a white veil.
新娘的脸上蒙著白色的面纱。
Most Moslem women wear veils in public places.
大多数穆斯林妇女在公共场所都戴着面纱
【近义词】cover 封面mask 伪装
mist          n. 雾；迷蒙；朦胧不清vt. 使…模糊；蒙上雾vi. 使模糊；下雾
Everything was covered in mist. 一切都笼罩在雾霭中
Our breath is misting up the car windows.
我们呼出的气渐渐给汽车的窗户上蒙上一层水蒸气。
Humidity would mist his glasses and slick his bald head with sweat.
湿气模糊了眼镜，汗水却令头顶更加光亮
fog     n. 雾；朦胧；迷惑v. 以雾笼罩；使模糊；迷惑  
Irrespective of how the client or the server has been implemented, there will always be a way to form a valid HTTP Request for the client to work and similarly the server needs to be capable of understanding the HTTP Requests sent to it and form valid HTTP Responses to all the arrived HTTP Requests.  
irrespective        adj. 不顾的；不考虑的
The laws apply to everyone irrespective of race, color, or creed.
法律对人人都适用，不分种族，肤色或信仰 
irrespective of age〔cost, danger, the consequences〕 不论年龄〔代价,危险,后果〕 
In the five years since I wrote the Flask Mega-Tutorial several things have changed, and the tutorial is showing its age.  
what is the mega-tutorial?
Back in 2012, I wrote a long, overarching tutorial that Python beginners can use to learn web development with the Flask framework.
mega          adj. 巨大的adv. 非常pref. 表示“大；百万”
He was mega popular with the fans. 他非常受粉丝欢迎 
The ebook and video versions of the tutorial offered here were conceived as a way to reward backers on Kickstarter for helping support the rewrite effort. 
conceive      v. 设想；想出；怀孕
I cannot conceive of him as a genius. 我不能设想他会是一个天才。
I cannot conceive that he would wish to harm us. 我不能想像他会伤害我们 
backer          n. 援助者；支持者（物） Backer.n. 衬料
One of the company 's backers has withdrawn .
公司的赞助人之一已经退出。
I grant the genius of your plan, but you still will not find backers.
我承认你的计划有创意,但你还是不会找到支持者 
backer pump 备用泵backer circuit 备用电路
withdraw        vt. 撤回；取回；撤退；提款vi. 撤退；退缩；走开
In view of members reservation and request for further information, the Administration agreed to withdraw the item.
鉴于委员有所保留,并要求取得进一步资料,政府当局同意撤回该项目。
He wanted to withdraw his name from the guest list.
他想从客人名单中撤出自己的名字 
withdraw one's criticism 撤回批评withdraw a curtain 拉开窗帘 withdraw formally 正式退出
withdraw的基本意思是“取〔收〕回”自己的东西或已经说出的话等,指出于某种原因或动机而有意地移动,这种原因或动机一般是得体的、礼貌的,也可能是出于不满。withdraw引申用于军事可表示“(使)撤退〔出〕”,有时还有“提款”的意思 
The ebook is going to be a compilation of all the tutorial articles in book format, while the video is going to be of myself and my laptop screen doing the entire tutorial step by step.
compliation       并发症
Compliation after operation 手术后并发症 
laptop         n. 便携式电脑；笔记本电脑
The laptop is three times more expensive than that desktop.
这台手提电脑比那台台式电脑贵三倍。
A laptop would be really useful  when I'm traveling.
外出旅游的时候，笔记本电脑还是很有用的 
lap         n. 膝部；（衣服的）下摆；控制范围n. 重叠部分；(跑道的)一圈n. 舐；（波浪）拍打声v. 包围；（使）重叠；领先一圈v. 舔食；轻拍
 The child sat on its mother's lap. 小孩坐在妈妈的膝上
For quite some time, everything fell into his lap.
好长一段时间他事事称心如意。
The cat lapped up the milk. 猫舔食牛奶
He heard the lap of the waves. 他听到了波浪的拍打声 
lap affectionately 充满深情地拍打lap greedily 贪婪地舔食 lap against 轻拍…lap against the sides of the boat 轻轻地拍击船的两侧
CSRF攻击跨站请求伪造（英语：Cross-site request forgery） 
forgery         n. 伪造；伪造罪；伪造物
The signature is proved to be a forgery.
签字被证明是非法模仿的或伪造的。
I shall charge Gary with forgery and theft.
我要指控加里犯伪造罪和偷窃罪 
第四范式talent@4paradigm.com
paradigm          n. 范例；示范；典范；[语]词形变化表
There's no paradigm to follow in this new industry.
在这个崭新的行业里没有范例可做参考。
No prevailing paradigm in science lasts forever.
科学中没有任何流行范式能够存在永远
request.headers['Content-Type'] == 'application/octet-stream': 
octet         n. [音] 八重唱；八重奏；八位位组
octet sequence integrity 八比特组序列完整性octet switch 八位字节开关octet alignment 按八进制校准 
curl -v -H "Content-type: application/json" \ -X POST http://127.0.0.1:5000/messages -d '{"message":"Hello Data"}'
Note: Unnecessary use of -X or --request, POST is already inferred. 
infer         vt. 推断；猜测；暗示vi. 作出推论
We can infer the meaning of the word in the context.
我们可以从上下文中推断这个词的含义
We can infer from his expression that he is frustrated.
我们可以从他的表情中推断出他很沮丧 
All submitted form data can be forged, and filenames can be dangerous. For the moment just remember: always use that function to secure a filename before storing it directly on the filesystem. 
forge         vt. 锻造；伪造；建立vi. 伪造；做铁匠n. 锻炉；铁匠铺；锻造车间
These machine parts have been forged with the finest steel.
这些机器零件得用优质的钢锻造。
George was forced to forge a signature. 乔治被迫伪造签名 
Some people forge official documents. 有些人伪造公文
Long story short: the client asks the server every 5 seconds how much it has transmitted already. Do you realize the irony? The client is asking for something it should already know.
irony      n. 反讽；讽剌之事
Irony was widely used in the works of Kafka and LuXun.
卡夫卡和鲁迅的小说中都广泛应用了反讽的艺术手法。
The great irony is that despite all his explanation nobody believed him.
最具讽刺意味的是：尽管他竭力解释，可没一个人相信他
Have you seen anybody using a Chromebook yet? These are slim, lightweight laptops that run ChromeOS, an operating system made by Google that is designed around the Chrome web browser.
slim        adj. 苗条的；微小的；细长的v. 减肥；缩减
I remember her (ie picture her in my mind) as a slim young girl.
我想起她那时还是个苗条的少女。
She has only a slim chance of winning.
她只有些微的可能获胜 
She is trying to slim by jogging. 她正用跑步法来减肥。
She tries to get fit and slim down. 她努力使身体健康体形苗条
jog        v. 慢跑；轻推；（使）颠簸前行n. 慢跑；轻推；颠簸
He goes jogging every night. 他每晚慢跑。
You jogged my elbow and spoiled what I was drawing.
你撞到了我的手肘，弄坏了我正在画的图画
I go for a jog in the park every morning.
每天早晨我在公园里慢跑
 jog作“慢走〔跑〕”解,可用作不及物动词,也可用作及物动词,接名词或代词作宾语。	jog也可作“轻推”解,指用肘或手臂碰触,以提醒某人。用作及物动词,接名词或代词作宾语。
 run，jog，race，trot这些动词均有“跑”之意。run最普通用词，指由于各种原因而急速奔跑。jog指从容不迫地慢跑。race多用于赛跑，指以最快速度奔跑。trot强调小跑时上下弹跳的动作，是介于跑与走之间轻快的快速运动。
 jog, nudge, poke, prod这组词都有“戳”的意思。其区别是：poke主要指用手指、工具或器具去“戳,刺,搅”,在成语中常暗示能起“搅动,干涉”作用的行为; prod常指用有尖端的东西去“刺,戳”,也可引申指有“刺激”作用的行为; nudge特指在不能说话的情况下用臂肘去“轻推”别人以促使其注意,也可仅表示给人以“暗示”; jog指“轻推”某人直到将其唤醒,也可抽象指“唤起”某人的记忆或提醒某人以某事
nudge        vt. 轻推；轻触；推进vi. 轻推n. 轻推
I nudged her and pointed to the man across the street.
我用肘碰了她一下并指了指街对面的那个男的。
She nudged him with her elbow. 她用肘轻触了他一下 
prod       n. 刺针；刺棒；戳；刺激；激励v. 戳；刺；刺激
She gave the man a prod with her umbrella.
她用伞捅了那男子一下。
He's forgetful, so I'll give his memory a prod.
他很健忘,所以我要提醒他一下 
He prodded at the pig with his walking-stick. 他用手杖推那口猪。
The crisis will prod them to act. 那个危机将刺激他们行动 
poke          n. 戳；刺；拨；钱袋v. 戳；捅；刺；拨开；伸出
poke的基本意思是“戳,拨,捅”,主要是指人用手指、工具或器具去“戳”“刺”“拨”“碰”或“搅起”“翻起”。	poke可用作不及物动词,也可用作及物动词。作及物动词时,接名词或代词作宾语。有时也可接双宾语。 
resp = Response(js, status=200, mimetype='application/json') 
Specifying the mime type is particularly useful when using a custom mime type e.g. application/vnd.example.v2+json. 
mime       n. 哑剧；丑角；模仿vt. 做哑剧表演；模仿vi. 演出哑剧角色
They will perform a short mime later.
待会他们将表演一出短的哑剧。
I couldn't speak Chinese, but I showed in mime that I wanted a drink.
我不会讲汉语，但我作摹拟动作表示要一杯饮料
He mimed the part of a drunken man.他以哑剧形式表演醉汉
Another very useful snippet by Armin Ronacher shows how to handle HTTP Basic Authentication and can be easily modified to handle other schemes. 
authenticate       v. 证明...为真；验证
The painting has been authenticated by experts.
专家已经验证过这幅画的真伪
verify 核实validate 使生效confirm 证实substantiate 证实
GET /secrets Authorization: Basic YWRtaW46c2VjcmV0
Shhh this is top secret spy stuff! 
spy        n. 间谍；侦探；侦察v. 侦探；监视；看到；找出
The spy was expelled from the realm. 这名间谍被驱逐出境
This evidence reinforces my view that he is a spy.
这个证据证实了我认为他是间谍的这一看法 
The scout was sent to spy out the land.
侦探被派出去秘密侦察高地去了。
It's wrong to spy into people's affairs. 刺探他人的私事是错误的 
spy the horseman 看到骑者spy the way 侦察出一条路～+副词spy artfully 狡猾地窥探 
realm        n. 领域；王国
He made outstanding contributions in the realm of foreign affairs.
他在外交领域作出了卓越贡献。
The material realm is one area that everyone relates to.
物质领域是与每个人有联系的一个地方 
squarer = lambda t: t ** 2
square    n.正方形；广场；街区；平方；直角尺；<俚>古板的人
adj.正方形的；规矩的；结实的；公正的；断然的
v.一致；结清；收买；使 ... 成方形；使成平方；调整
adv.成直角；直接的；正方形地
The little girl drew a square on the paper.
小女孩在纸上画了一个正方形
Everybody goes to this vast square in the evening.
每天傍晚，人人都上这宽阔的广场上来
His conduct does not square with his words.他言行不一致
char z = (x-'0')+(y-'0') + carry; // x,y have ASCII value of each digit 
if (z > 9) //If result greater than 9, you have a carry  carry = 1; // store carry for proceeding sums
carry     v. 携带；运送；搬运；带有；传播；承载n. 【计】进位；运载
Werkzeug started as simple collection of various utilities for WSGI applications and has become one of the most advanced WSGI utility modules. It includes a powerful debugger, full featured request and response objects, HTTP utilities to handle entity tags, cache control headers, HTTP dates, cookie handling, 
file uploads, a powerful URL routing system and a bunch of community contributed addon modules.
addon       n. 插件 plugin     adj. 插入式的
plug       n. 塞子；插头；推销；火花塞；口嚼烟v. 塞；堵；宣传；插上插头；苦干
She pulled the plug out of the bathtub and the dirty water ran away.
她把浴缸的塞子拔掉，脏水流走了。
She put the electric plug into the socket.
她将电插头插到了插座里
You don't need to plug your ears. The music is not so loud.
你不用塞住耳朵,音乐又不是很吵。
We must plug the hole in the rowboat.
我们必须把划艇的洞堵上
insert the plug in the socket 把插头插到插座内pull out the plug 拔出插头sparking plug 火花塞
Quote of the Day:
"Many people tend to look at programming styles and languages like religions: if you belong to one, you cannot belong to others. But this analogy is another fallacy." (Niklaus Wirth) 
fallacy       n. 谬论；谬误的推理
He had no difficulty in disposing of the fallacy.
他毫无困难地驳倒了这个谬论。
The fallacy has been exposed in its naked absurdity.
这谬论的荒诞性已被充分揭露。
absurd       adj. 荒唐的；可笑的；不合理的n. 荒唐
We have no intention of lying down under these absurd allegations.
对这些荒谬的指控我们是不甘受辱的
absurd idea 荒唐的想法absurd mistake 可笑的错误absolutely absurd 荒谬绝伦highly absurd 极其荒唐
quote       v. 引述；报价；举证n. 引用
She asked the reporter not to quote her remarks.
她要求记者不要引述她的话
quote verse 引用诗 quote copiously〔extensively,widely〕 旁征博引quote directly 直接引用
In 1993, the web was still in its infancy, with about 14 million users and a hundred websites. Pages were static but there was already a need to produce dynamic content, such as up-to-date news and data. Responding to this, Rob McCool and other contributors implemented the Common Gateway Interface (CGI) in the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) HTTPd web server (the forerunner of Apache). This was the first web server that could serve content generated by a separate application.
forerunner       n. 先驱；祖先；预兆；[体育]赛前试滑滑道的人
He was the forerunner of the resistance. 他是这个反抗运动的先驱者
Mr. Sun Yat sen is the forerunner of the Chinese revolution.
孙中山先生是中国革命的先驱。
She is a forerunner of the modern women's movement.
她是现代妇女运动的先驱
Since then, the number of users on the Internet has exploded, and dynamic websites have become ubiquitous. 


ubiquitous     adj. 到处存在的ubiquity      n. 到处存在；遍在
The struggle between opposites is ubiquitous.
对立的争斗无所不在
Since the creation of CGI, much has changed. The CGI approach became impractical, as it required the creation of a new process at each request, wasting memory and CPU. Some other low-level approaches emerged, like FastCGI](http://www.fastcgi.com/) (1996) and mod_python (2000), providing different interfaces between Python web frameworks and the web server. As different approaches proliferated, the developer’s choice of framework ended up restricting the choices of web servers and vice versa.
proliferate           v. 繁殖；增生；使 ... 激增；使 ... 扩散
Microbes proliferate rapidly. 微生物繁殖迅速
Health food shops proliferate in this region. 保健食品店在这个地区增加了
To address this problem, in 2003 Phillip J. Eby proposed PEP-0333, the Python Web Server Gateway Interface (WSGI). The idea was to provide a high-level, universal interface between Python applications and web servers.
headers = [('Content-Type', 'application/json'),            ('Content-Length', str(len(response_body))]
HTTP headers are case-insensitive, and if we are writing a WSGI compliant web server, that is something to take note of when checking these headers
case-insensitive         n. 不区分大小写
case      n. 例子；情况；案例；（辩论或诉讼）论据；箱v. 装箱；踩点；仔细检查
in case of指“假如……发生，以防……”。
Take an umbrella with you in case of rain. 带把伞吧，以防下雨。
For backward compatibility purposes, web servers implementing WSGI should return a write callable. This callback should allow the application to write body response data directly back to the client, instead of yielding it to the server via an iterator.
Despite its presence, this is a deprecated interface and new applications should refrain from using it.
refrain      v. 抑制；避免；克制n. 副歌；叠句；重复
Sunlight can refrain the growth of melatonin in the body.
阳光能抑制身体中褪黑激素的生长
Will you all join in singing the refrain, please?
请大家一道来唱副歌好吗
refrain, abstain, forbear这组词的共同意思是自觉地控制自己不做那些由于愿望或冲动而想做的事。其区别是：refrain仅指动作未做; forbear强调自我约束性,即由于耐心、善良、宽厚、谨慎或禁欲主义思想等原因而自我克制; abstain则除强调自我约束性外,还含有自我否定的意味。
forbear    v. 忍耐；阻止；克制n. 祖先(=forebear)
The wounded boy could not forbear to cry out.
受伤的男孩忍不住哭了
abstain      v. 戒绝；弃权；节制
He swore to abstain from smoking. 他发誓要戒烟
A high percentage of women said they had abstained from alcohol during pregnancy.
很大比例的妇女称他们在怀孕期间戒了酒
abstain的基本意思是“戒除; 避开”,指自觉地控制自己不做那些由于愿望或冲动而想做的事,强调自我约束、自我否定和永久性，尤指戒酒
abstain from alcohol 戒酒,不喝酒abstain from comment 不加评论
Best Python Podcasts        n. 播客v. 发表博客
Why is WSGI necessary?
A traditional web server does not understand or have any way to run Python applications. In the late 1990s, a developer named Grisha Trubetskoy came up with an Apache module called mod_python to execute arbitrary Python code. For several years in the late 1990s and early 2000s, Apache configured with mod_python ran most Python web applications.
However, mod_python wasn't a standard specification. It was just an implementation that allowed Python code to run on a server. As mod_python's development stalled and security vulnerabilities were discovered there was recognition by the community that a consistent way to execute Python code for web applications was needed.
stall        n. 栅栏；小隔间；货摊；座位v. 把...关进畜舍里；失速；熄火；拖延；（使）动弹不得
The excited horse flung about in the stall.
受惊的马在马厩里乱冲乱踢
You'd better stall the pigs. 你最好把猪关在猪圈里饲养。
The plane stalled suddenly. 那飞机突然失控下降 
stall用作名词时的意思是“分隔栏”,转化成动词后意思是“拖延”,指将某事或时间耽搁下来或把将要发生的事情向后延迟。引申可指“停顿,阻塞”。
stall game 拖延比赛stall plan 耽误了计划 
vulnerability       n. 易受攻击；弱点，脆弱；[计]漏洞
Japan has a unique vulnerability to negative stock-price momentum.
支撑日本股价的动力有着其特有的弱点
A system vulnerability has been detected. 已检测到系统漏洞
vulnerable     adj. 易受伤害的；有弱点的；脆弱的
The potato is vulnerable to several pests. 马铃薯易受几种害虫的侵害
Therefore the Python community came up with WSGI as a standard interface that modules and containers could implement. WSGI is now the accepted approach for running Python web applications.
WSGI servers promote scaling. Serving thousands of requests for dynamic content at once is the domain of WSGI servers, not frameworks.
WSGI servers handle processing requests from the web server and deciding how to communicate those requests to an application framework's process. The segregation of responsibilities is important for efficiently scaling web traffic.
segregate        v. 分离；隔离；分凝adj. 分离的 
Why should the handicappedbe segregated from the able-bodied?
为什么要把伤残人士和身体健康的人分开?
Some societies still segregate men and women.
有的社会仍然将男女隔离
isolate，separate，segregate，insulate这些动词均有“分开、分离、隔离”之意。isolate侧重指完全分离、隔开，也指人或物处于完全孤立的状态。separate指一般意义上的分开或隔开。segregate指把一群人或物从整体或主体中分离出来。insulate指隔开、分离，尤指用某种东西阻挡从里面逃出或从外面进入的东西。作技术用词时，专指用某种绝缘体隔断通路
segregation          n. 隔离；种族隔离；分离
The criminal faced segregation for unfixed periods. 这个罪犯面临无期隔离监禁
They refused to sanction segregation. 他们拒绝支持种族隔离
sanction          n. 批准；约束力；处罚vt. 批准；支持
The minister can only act in this matter with the sanction of Parliament.
部长只有得到国会批准才能就此事采取行动
The book was translated without the sanction of the author.
这本书未经作者许可就给翻译了
The church would not sanction the king's second marriage.
教会不会批准国王第二次结婚
approve，confirm，sanction这些动词均有“批准”之意。approve普通用词，常指正式的或官方的批准。confirm强调按法律程序提出确认或批准。sanction语气最强，多指官方的同意或批准，是书面用词。
apply〔impose, take〕the sanction 实行制裁get〔obtain, receive, secure〕 the sanction 得到认可〔批准〕
under sb's sanction 在某人的认可之下legal sanction 法律制裁moral〔social〕 sanction 道德〔社会〕的约束力
The WSGI standard v1.0 is specified in PEP 0333. As of September 2010, WSGI v1.0 is superseded by PEP 3333, which defines the v1.0.1 WSGI standard. 
supersede      vt. 取代；接替；废弃
Will factory workers be entirely superseded by machines one day?
工人将来能完全由机器取代吗?
The use of robots will someday supersede manual labor.
机器人的使用有一天会取代人力
If you're working with Python 2.x and you're compliant with PEP 0333, then you're also compliant with 3333. 
compliant      adj. 适用的；顺从的
uWSGI is gaining steam as a highly-performant WSGI server implementation.
steam          n. 蒸汽；水汽；蒸汽动力；轮船v. 蒸；冒热气；行驶；<口>发怒
The engines are driven by steam. 这些发动机是由蒸汽驱动的
The car windows steamed up. 汽车窗户上有一层水汽
steam的基本意思是“蒸汽”,一般指液体(常指水)因蒸发、沸腾或升华而变成的气体。steam也可作“蒸汽压力”解,用于给机器提供工作或运动的能量,是不可数名词。	steam在口语中,可作“气力,精力”解,含有被压抑的、过剩的意味,用作不可数名词
dry steam 干蒸汽   enough steam 足够的蒸汽   steam bath 蒸汽浴  steam fish 蒸鱼  steam rice 蒸饭
gain       n. 获得；收益；增益v. 获得；到达；增加；获利；(钟、表等)走得快
You will gain experience if nothing more in that job.
如果这个工作没什么突出的,你至少可以获得经验
It's the first time we've ever had the power to gain knowledge at our fingertips.
人们第一次有了这样的能力,可以在指尖轻松的获得知识
Jokes aside, this rather long article might seem dire for some looking for quick guidance or answers. 
However, this should not scare you. After completing this article, you will have a good knowledge of how different web servers work and handle the task of talking with Python based web applications.
joke     n. 笑话；玩笑v. 说笑话；开玩笑
scare         v. 受惊吓；恐吓；吓走n. 惊吓；惊恐
We'll scare her out of telling the police. 我们要把她吓得不敢报警
scare的基本意思是“恐吓”,指(用)可怕的动作、形象或声音等使人处于惊恐的状态或从内心感到恐惧。可用于短暂的心理反应,也可用于充满恐惧的心理状态,在较正式的用法中,指迫使人战栗甚至逃遁时的恐惧。
PEP (Python Enhancement Proposal) 333:
This document specifies a proposed standard interface between web servers and Python web applications or frameworks, to promote web application portability across a variety of web servers.
Note: I would like to advise you, the reader, to be wary of biased and deceiving benchmarks which tend to not reflect the conditions of a real production environment. Unfortunately, those [articles] do not really mean much when it comes to choosing a web server for production, which is also highly unlikely to be the part causing the bottleneck. You are, therefore, advised to gauge and understand your own needs and then to try different options, refraining from speculative numbers to avoid real future disaster scenarios.
wary         adj. 小心的；机警的
He was wary of telling state secrets. 他小心翼翼以免泄漏国家机密
Hood was wary but he grew to trust her.
胡德一开始将信将疑，但后来信任她了
refrain       v. 抑制；避免；克制n. 副歌；叠句；重复
speculate        vt. 推测vi. 投机；深思
The doctors speculate that he died of cancer. 医生推测他死于癌症
He likes to speculate on the stock market. 他喜欢炒股
It's dangerous to speculate. 做投机买卖是很危险的
Web Servers (Alphabetical Order) 
alpha     n. 希腊字母的第一个字母；最初adj. [化]阿尔法位的；主导的；首要的；按字母顺序的
Wheat is the alpha and omega of their diet.
小麦是他们的主要食物   
The researches are concerned with alpha rays.
这些研究是关于阿尔法射线的
alphabetic      adj. 照字母次序的；字母的
alphabetic numeric 字母数字的alphabetic character 文字字符alphabetic arrangement 字顺排列 
alphabetize      v. 按字母顺序排列；用字母表示 =alphabetise(英).
It wasn't any walkover to alphabetize all those names.
按字母顺序把所有那些名字都排列出来决非一件轻松的工作
Someday they are planning to alphabetize all their books and set up home catalogs.
他们打算某一天把所有的书都按字母顺序排列好，列出一个家庭图书目录
Next-generation software boutique, built by perfectionists
boutique         n. 专卖流行衣服的小商店；精品店
The boutique has a poor choice of dresses.
那家时装用品小商店没有多少货可供选择
The clothes in this boutique are very expensive. 这家精品店的服装卖得很贵
boutique operation 小公司   boutique hotel 多功能旅馆
This question is protected to prevent "thanks!", "me too!", or spam answers by new users. To answer it, you must have earned at least 10 reputation on this site (the association bonus does not count).
reputation          n. 好名声；声誉，名声，名气
This store has an excellent reputation for fair dealing.
这家商店因公平交易而获好名声
He has not too good a reputation in the matter of honesty.
就诚实而言, 他的名声不太好
reputation, fame, honour这组词都可指在公众中的“名声”“声誉”。其区别在于:1.reputation强调在人们心目中的印象,即公众评价,一般译为“名誉”; fame强调本身品质的高尚、能力高超、业绩非凡,一般译为“(较高的)知名度”; honour强调因本身的忠心、诚实和优良品质而获得的好名声、荣誉。例如:His fame spread all over the country.他名扬全国。Edison is a man of world-wide reputation.爱迪生是一个举世闻名的人。He has received many honours for his research into cancer.他因在癌症方面的研究工作而得到了许多荣誉。2.fame用于人; reputation和honour可用于人,也可用于事物。例如:She didn't pursue fame.她不追求名声。This store has an excellent reputation for fair dealing.这家商店因买卖公道而享有极高的声誉。3.fame和reputation可用于好名声,也可用于坏名声; honour一般只用于好的“荣誉”。例如:She is a woman of ill fame.她是个名声不好的女人。A few years after his graduation from a university the man acquired the reputation of being a philosopher.这个人从大学毕业后不久就获得了哲学家的名声。The winning of the Nobel Prize is one of the highest honours an author can achieve.获得诺贝尔奖金是一个作家能够获得的最高荣誉之一。
achieve〔attain〕 a reputation 博得名声   acquire〔gain〕 a reputation 获得名声  bad〔good〕 reputation 坏〔好〕名声 evil reputation 声名狼藉  a man of high reputation 名誉好的人
reputable       adj. 声誉好的；规范的；可尊敬或信赖的
She is a reputable expert. 她是个有声望的专家
We need to deal with a reputable firm of builders.
我们需要和规范的建筑公司打交道


































 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 